@conflict john-*
bin/1password2john.py
bin/7z2john.pl
bin/DPAPImk2john.py
@bin bin/SIPdump
bin/adxcsouf2john.py
bin/aem2john.py
bin/aix2john.pl
bin/aix2john.py
bin/andotp2john.py
bin/androidbackup2john.py
bin/androidfde2john.py
bin/ansible2john.py
bin/apex2john.py
bin/applenotes2john.py
bin/aruba2john.py
bin/axcrypt2john.py
bin/base64conv
bin/bestcrypt2john.py
bin/bitcoin2john.py
bin/bitshares2john.py
bin/bitwarden2john.py
bin/bks2john.py
bin/blockchain2john.py
@bin bin/calc_stat
bin/ccache2john.py
bin/cisco2john.pl
bin/codepage.pl
@bin bin/cprepair
bin/cracf2john.py
bin/dashlane2john.py
bin/deepsound2john.py
bin/diskcryptor2john.py
bin/dmg2john.py
bin/ecryptfs2john.py
bin/ejabberd2john.py
bin/electrum2john.py
bin/encfs2john.py
bin/enpass2john.py
bin/ethereum2john.py
bin/filezilla2john.py
bin/fuzz_option.pl
bin/geli2john.py
bin/genincstats.rb
@bin bin/genmkvpwd
bin/gpg2john
bin/hccapx2john.py
bin/hextoraw.pl
bin/htdigest2john.py
bin/ibmiscanner2john.py
bin/ikescan2john.py
bin/ios7tojohn.pl
bin/itunes_backup2john.pl
bin/iwork2john.py
@bin bin/john
bin/kdcdump2john.py
bin/keychain2john.py
bin/keyring2john.py
bin/keystore2john.py
bin/kirbi2john.py
bin/known_hosts2john.py
bin/krb2john.py
bin/kwallet2john.py
bin/lastpass2john.py
bin/ldif2john.pl
bin/leet.pl
bin/libreoffice2john.py
bin/lion2john-alt.pl
bin/lion2john.pl
bin/lotus2john.py
bin/luks2john.py
bin/mac2john-alt.py
bin/mac2john.py
bin/mailer
bin/makechr
bin/mcafee_epo2john.py
@bin bin/mkvcalcproba
bin/monero2john.py
bin/money2john.py
bin/mozilla2john.py
bin/multibit2john.py
bin/neo2john.py
bin/netntlm.pl
bin/netscreen.py
bin/office2john.py
bin/openbsd_softraid2john.py
bin/openssl2john.py
bin/padlock2john.py
bin/pass_gen.pl
bin/pcap2john.py
bin/pdf2john.pl
bin/pem2john.py
bin/pfx2john.py
bin/pgpdisk2john.py
bin/pgpsda2john.py
bin/pgpwde2john.py
bin/potcheck.pl
bin/prosody2john.py
bin/ps_token2john.py
bin/pse2john.py
bin/pwsafe2john.py
bin/radius2john.pl
bin/radius2john.py
bin/rar2john
@bin bin/raw2dyna
bin/rexgen2rules.pl
bin/rulestack.pl
bin/sap2john.pl
bin/sha-dump.pl
bin/sha-test.pl
bin/signal2john.py
bin/sipdump2john.py
bin/ssh2john.py
bin/sspr2john.py
bin/staroffice2john.py
bin/strip2john.py
bin/telegram2john.py
bin/tezos2john.py
@bin bin/tgtsnarf
bin/truecrypt2john.py
@bin bin/uaf2john
bin/unafs
bin/undrop
bin/unique
bin/unrule.pl
bin/unshadow
bin/vdi2john.pl
bin/vmx2john.py
@bin bin/vncpcap2john
@bin bin/wpapcap2john
bin/zip2john
share/doc/john/
share/doc/john/Auditing-Kerio-Connect.md
share/doc/john/Auditing-Openfire.md
share/doc/john/AxCrypt-Auditing-HOWTO.md
share/doc/john/CHANGES
share/doc/john/CHANGES-jumbo
share/doc/john/CONFIG
share/doc/john/CONTACT
share/doc/john/COPYING
share/doc/john/CRAM-MD5.txt
share/doc/john/CREDITS
share/doc/john/CREDITS-jumbo
share/doc/john/DYNAMIC
share/doc/john/DYNAMIC_COMPILER_FORMATS.md
share/doc/john/DYNAMIC_EXPRESSIONS
share/doc/john/DYNAMIC_SCRIPTING
share/doc/john/DiskCryptor-HOWTO.md
share/doc/john/ENCODINGS
share/doc/john/EXAMPLES
share/doc/john/EXTERNAL
share/doc/john/FAQ
share/doc/john/HDAA_README
share/doc/john/INSTALL
share/doc/john/INSTALL-FEDORA
share/doc/john/INSTALL-UBUNTU
share/doc/john/INSTALL-WINDOWS
share/doc/john/Kerberos-Auditing-HOWTO.md
share/doc/john/LICENSE
share/doc/john/LICENSE.mpi
share/doc/john/MARKOV
share/doc/john/MASK
share/doc/john/MODES
share/doc/john/NETNTLM_README
share/doc/john/NEWS
share/doc/john/OFFICE
share/doc/john/OPTIONS
share/doc/john/PRINCE
share/doc/john/README
share/doc/john/README-DISTROS
share/doc/john/README-MIC
share/doc/john/README-OPENCL
share/doc/john/README-PDF
share/doc/john/README-PST
share/doc/john/README-TACACS+
share/doc/john/README-ZIP
share/doc/john/README-ZTEX
share/doc/john/README-krb5-18-23
share/doc/john/README.7z2john.md
share/doc/john/README.Apple_DMG
share/doc/john/README.BitLocker
share/doc/john/README.Ethereum
share/doc/john/README.FileVault2
share/doc/john/README.FreeBSD
share/doc/john/README.IBM_AS400
share/doc/john/README.LUKS
share/doc/john/README.LotusNotes
share/doc/john/README.MinGW
share/doc/john/README.RACF
share/doc/john/README.Tezos
share/doc/john/README.apex
share/doc/john/README.bash-completion
share/doc/john/README.bitcoin
share/doc/john/README.coding-style
share/doc/john/README.cprepair
share/doc/john/README.format-epi
share/doc/john/README.gpg
share/doc/john/README.ios7
share/doc/john/README.keychain
share/doc/john/README.keyring
share/doc/john/README.keystore
share/doc/john/README.krb5tgs-17-18-23.md
share/doc/john/README.kwallet
share/doc/john/README.librexgen
share/doc/john/README.mozilla
share/doc/john/README.mpi
share/doc/john/README.pwsafe
share/doc/john/README.ssh
share/doc/john/RULES
share/doc/john/RULES-hashcat
share/doc/john/Regen-Lost-Salts.txt
share/doc/john/SHOW_FORMATS.md
share/doc/john/SIPcrack-LICENSE
share/doc/john/SUBSETS
share/doc/john/SecureMode-tutorial.md
share/doc/john/dynamic_history.txt
share/doc/john/extras/
share/doc/john/extras/AddressSanitizer-HOWTO.txt
share/doc/john/extras/HACKING.md
share/doc/john/extras/README-CUDA
share/doc/john/extras/john-1.7.9-jumbo-7-licensing-stats.txt
share/doc/john/extras/john-1.7.9-jumbo-7-licensing.txt
share/doc/john/extras/libFuzzer-HOWTO.txt
share/doc/john/pass_gen.Manifest
share/doc/john/pcap2john.readme
share/examples/john/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/
share/examples/john/alnum.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/alnum.chr
share/examples/john/alnumspace.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/alnumspace.chr
share/examples/john/alpha.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/alpha.chr
share/examples/john/ascii.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/ascii.chr
share/examples/john/digits.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/digits.chr
share/examples/john/dumb16.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/dumb16.conf
share/examples/john/dumb32.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/dumb32.conf
share/examples/john/dynamic.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/dynamic.conf
share/examples/john/dynamic_disabled.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/dynamic_disabled.conf
share/examples/john/dynamic_flat_sse_formats.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/dynamic_flat_sse_formats.conf
share/examples/john/hybrid.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/hybrid.conf
share/examples/john/john.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john.conf
share/examples/john/korelogic.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/korelogic.conf
share/examples/john/lanman.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/lanman.chr
share/examples/john/latin1.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/latin1.chr
share/examples/john/lm_ascii.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/lm_ascii.chr
share/examples/john/lower.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/lower.chr
share/examples/john/lowernum.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/lowernum.chr
share/examples/john/lowerspace.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/lowerspace.chr
share/examples/john/password.lst
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/password.lst
share/examples/john/regex_alphabets.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/regex_alphabets.conf
share/examples/john/repeats16.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/repeats16.conf
share/examples/john/repeats32.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/repeats32.conf
share/examples/john/rules/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/rules/
share/examples/john/rules/InsidePro-PasswordsPro.rule
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/rules/InsidePro-PasswordsPro.rule
share/examples/john/rules/T0XlC-insert_top_100_passwords_1_G.rule
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/rules/T0XlC-insert_top_100_passwords_1_G.rule
share/examples/john/rules/T0XlC.rule
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/rules/T0XlC.rule
share/examples/john/rules/T0XlCv1.rule
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/rules/T0XlCv1.rule
share/examples/john/rules/best64.rule
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/rules/best64.rule
share/examples/john/rules/d3ad0ne.rule
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/rules/d3ad0ne.rule
share/examples/john/rules/dive.rule
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/rules/dive.rule
share/examples/john/rules/passphrase-rule1.rule
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/rules/passphrase-rule1.rule
share/examples/john/rules/passphrase-rule2.rule
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/rules/passphrase-rule2.rule
share/examples/john/rules/rockyou-30000.rule
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/rules/rockyou-30000.rule
share/examples/john/rules/specific.rule
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/rules/specific.rule
share/examples/john/upper.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/upper.chr
share/examples/john/uppernum.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/uppernum.chr
share/examples/john/utf8.chr
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/john/utf8.chr
