@extraunexec rm /var/games/angband/*/* 2>/dev/null || true
@mode g+s
@group games
@bin bin/angband
@mode
%%sdl%%
share/angband/
share/angband/help/
share/angband/help/attack.txt
share/angband/help/birth.txt
share/angband/help/command.txt
share/angband/help/copying.txt
share/angband/help/customize.txt
share/angband/help/debug.txt
share/angband/help/dungeon.txt
share/angband/help/general.txt
share/angband/help/help.hlp
share/angband/help/index.txt
share/angband/help/modifying.txt
share/angband/help/option.txt
share/angband/help/playing.txt
share/angband/help/version.txt
share/angband/icons/
share/angband/icons/att-128.png
share/angband/icons/att-16.png
share/angband/icons/att-256.png
share/angband/icons/att-32.png
share/angband/icons/att-512.png
share/angband/screens/
share/angband/screens/crown.txt
share/angband/screens/dead.txt
share/angband/screens/news.txt
share/angband/user/
share/angband/user/info/
share/angband/user/info/dummy.txt
share/angband/user/info/user.hlp
share/applications/angband-sdl.desktop
share/applications/angband-x11.desktop
share/doc/angband/
share/doc/angband/manual.html
share/examples/angband/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/
share/examples/angband/customize/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/customize/
share/examples/angband/customize/font-gcu.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/customize/font-gcu.prf
share/examples/angband/customize/font-sdl.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/customize/font-sdl.prf
share/examples/angband/customize/font-win.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/customize/font-win.prf
share/examples/angband/customize/font-x11.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/customize/font-x11.prf
share/examples/angband/customize/font.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/customize/font.prf
share/examples/angband/customize/keys-gcu.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/customize/keys-gcu.prf
share/examples/angband/customize/message.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/customize/message.prf
share/examples/angband/customize/pref.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/customize/pref.prf
share/examples/angband/customize/sound.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/customize/sound.prf
share/examples/angband/customize/user.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/customize/user.prf
share/examples/angband/gamedata/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/
share/examples/angband/gamedata/activation.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/activation.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/artifact.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/artifact.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/blow_effects.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/blow_effects.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/blow_methods.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/blow_methods.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/body.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/body.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/brand.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/brand.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/class.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/class.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/constants.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/constants.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/curse.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/curse.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/dungeon_profile.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/dungeon_profile.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/ego_item.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/ego_item.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/flavor.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/flavor.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/hints.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/hints.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/history.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/history.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/monster.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/monster.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/monster_base.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/monster_base.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/monster_spell.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/monster_spell.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/names.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/names.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/object.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/object.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/object_base.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/object_base.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/object_power.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/object_power.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/object_property.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/object_property.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/p_race.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/p_race.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/pain.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/pain.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/pit.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/pit.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/player_timed.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/player_timed.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/projection.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/projection.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/quest.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/quest.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/realm.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/realm.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/room_template.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/room_template.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/slay.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/slay.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/store.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/store.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/summon.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/summon.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/terrain.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/terrain.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/trap.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/trap.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/vault.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/vault.txt
share/examples/angband/gamedata/world.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/gamedata/world.txt
@mode 775
@sample /var/games/angband/
@sample /var/games/angband/archive/
@sample /var/games/angband/save/
@sample /var/games/angband/scores/
@tag update-desktop-database
