@conflict pygame-*
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/_camera.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/_pygame.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/_surface.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/camera.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/fastevents.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/font.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/freetype.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/_pygame.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/bitmask.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pgcompat.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pgimport.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pgplatform.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_bufferproxy.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_font.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_freetype.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_mask.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_mixer.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/sse2neon.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/mask.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/mixer.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/palette.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgarrinter.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgbufferproxy.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgcompat.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgimport.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgopengl.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgplatform.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pygame.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/scrap.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/surface.h
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/PKG-INFO
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/entry_points.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/not-zip-safe
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/top_level.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__init__.pyi
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}_camera_opencv_highgui.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}_camera_vidcapture.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}_dummybackend.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}_numpysndarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}_numpysurfarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}camera.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}colordict.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}compat.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}cursors.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}draw_py.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}freetype.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}ftfont.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}locals.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}macosx.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}midi.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}pkgdata.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sndarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sprite.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surfarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sysfont.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/${MODPY_PYCACHE}version.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/${MODPY_PYCACHE}hook-pygame.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/hook-pygame.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_camera.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_camera_opencv_highgui.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_camera_vidcapture.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_dummybackend.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_freetype.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_numpysndarray.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_numpysurfarray.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/__init__.pyi
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/touch.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/base.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/bufferproxy.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/bufferproxy.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/camera.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/camera.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/cdrom.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/color.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/color.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/colordict.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/compat.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/constants.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/constants.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/cursors.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/cursors.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/display.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/display.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/__main__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__main__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/logos.html
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/pygame_logo.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/pygame_powered.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/pygame_small.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/pygame_tiny.gif
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/draw.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/draw.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/draw_py.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/event.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/event.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/README.rst
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}aacircle.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}aliens.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}arraydemo.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}audiocapture.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}blend_fill.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}blit_blends.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}camera.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}chimp.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}cursors.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}dropevent.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}eventlist.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fastevents.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}font_viewer.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fonty.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}freetype_misc.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}glcube.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}headless_no_windows_needed.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}liquid.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mask.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}midi.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}moveit.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}music_drop_fade.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}overlay.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}pixelarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}playmus.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}prevent_display_stretching.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}resizing_new.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scaletest.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scrap_clipboard.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scroll.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}setmodescale.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sound.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sound_array_demos.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sprite_texture.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}stars.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}testsprite.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}textinput.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}vgrade.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/${MODPY_PYCACHE}video.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/aacircle.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/aliens.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/arraydemo.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/audiocapture.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/blend_fill.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/blit_blends.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/camera.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/chimp.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/cursors.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/BGR.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien1.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien1.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien1.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien2.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien2.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien3.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien3.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/arraydemo.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/asprite.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/background.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/black.ppm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/blue.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/blue.mpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/bomb.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/boom.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/brick.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/car_door.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/chimp.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/city.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/danger.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/explosion1.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/fist.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/green.pcx
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/grey.pgm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/house_lo.mp3
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/house_lo.ogg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/house_lo.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/laplacian.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/liquid.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/midikeys.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/oldplayer.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/player1.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/punch.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/purple.xpm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/red.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/sans.ttf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/secosmic_lo.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/shot.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/static.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/turquoise.tif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/whiff.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/yellow.tga
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/yuv_1.pgm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/dropevent.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/eventlist.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/fastevents.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/font_viewer.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/fonty.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/freetype_misc.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/glcube.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/headless_no_windows_needed.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/liquid.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/mask.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/midi.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/moveit.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/music_drop_fade.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/overlay.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/pixelarray.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/playmus.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/prevent_display_stretching.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/resizing_new.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/scaletest.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/scrap_clipboard.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/scroll.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/setmodescale.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/sound.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/sound_array_demos.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/sprite_texture.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/stars.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/testsprite.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/textinput.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/vgrade.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/video.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/fastevent.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/fastevent.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/font.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/font.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/freesansbold.ttf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/freetype.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/freetype.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/ftfont.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/gfxdraw.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/gfxdraw.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/image.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/image.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/imageext.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/joystick.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/joystick.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/key.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/key.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/locals.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/macosx.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mask.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mask.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/math.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/math.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/midi.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/midi.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mixer.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mixer.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mixer_music.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mouse.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mouse.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/music.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/newbuffer.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/overlay.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pixelarray.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pixelarray.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pixelcopy.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pixelcopy.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pkgdata.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/py.typed
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame.ico
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame_icon.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame_icon.icns
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame_icon.svg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame_icon.tiff
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/rect.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/rect.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/rwobject.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/scrap.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/scrap.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sndarray.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sndarray.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sprite.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sprite.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surface.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surface.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surfarray.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surfarray.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surflock.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sysfont.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/__main__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__main__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}base_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}blit_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}bufferproxy_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}camera_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}cdrom_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}cdrom_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}color_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}compat_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}constants_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}cursors_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}display_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}draw_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}event_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fastevent_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fastevent_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}font_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}font_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}freetype_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}freetype_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}ftfont_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}ftfont_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}gfxdraw_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}image__save_gl_surface_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}image_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}image_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}imageext_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}imageext_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}joystick_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}key_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mask_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}math_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}midi_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mixer_music_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mixer_music_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mixer_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mixer_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mouse_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}overlay_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}overlay_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}pixelarray_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}pixelcopy_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}rect_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}rwobject_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scrap_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}scrap_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sndarray_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sndarray_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sprite_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surface_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surfarray_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surfarray_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}surflock_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sysfont_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}test_test_.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}threads_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}time_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}touch_tags.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}touch_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}transform_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}version_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}video_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/base_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/blit_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/bufferproxy_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/camera_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/cdrom_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/cdrom_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/color_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/compat_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/constants_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/cursors_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/display_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/draw_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/event_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fastevent_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fastevent_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/A_PyGameMono-8.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PyGameMono-18-100dpi.bdf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PyGameMono-18-75dpi.bdf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PyGameMono-8.bdf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PyGameMono.otf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/test_fixed.otf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/test_sans.ttf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/u13079_PyGameMono-8.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/xbm_cursors/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/xbm_cursors/white_sizing.xbm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/xbm_cursors/white_sizing_mask.xbm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/font_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/font_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/freetype_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/freetype_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/ftfont_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/ftfont_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/gfxdraw_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/image__save_gl_surface_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/image_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/image_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/imageext_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/imageext_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/joystick_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/key_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mask_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/math_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/midi_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_music_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_music_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mouse_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/overlay_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/overlay_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/pixelarray_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/pixelcopy_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/rect_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/${MODPY_PYCACHE}run_tests__test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_4_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_5_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_6_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}no_assertions__ret_code_of_1__test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/${MODPY_PYCACHE}zero_tests_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_4_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_5_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_6_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/no_assertions__ret_code_of_1__test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/zero_tests_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}incomplete_todo_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}magic_tag_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sleep_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/incomplete_todo_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/magic_tag_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/sleep_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}invisible_tag_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/${MODPY_PYCACHE}magic_tag_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/invisible_tag_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/magic_tag_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_4_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/fake_4_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_1_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/fake_1_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_4_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/fake_4_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_3_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_4_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/fake_4_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/run_tests__test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fake_2_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/${MODPY_PYCACHE}sleep_test.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/sleep_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/rwobject_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/scrap_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/scrap_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sndarray_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sndarray_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sprite_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surface_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surfarray_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surfarray_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surflock_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sysfont_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_test_.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}arrinter.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}async_sub.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}buftools.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}endian.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}png.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}run_tests.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}test_machinery.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/${MODPY_PYCACHE}test_runner.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/arrinter.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/async_sub.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/buftools.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/endian.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/png.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/run_tests.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/test_machinery.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/test_runner.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/threads_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/time_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/touch_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/touch_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/transform_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/version_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/video_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/threads/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/threads/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/threads/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/threads/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/time.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/time.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/transform.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/transform.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/version.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/version.pyi
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/README.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/logos.html
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/pygame_logo.gif
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/pygame_powered.gif
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/pygame_small.gif
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/pygame_tiny.gif
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/bufferproxy.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/camera.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/cdrom.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/color.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/common.txt
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/cursors.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/display.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/draw.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/event.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/examples.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/fastevent.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/font.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/freetype.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/gfxdraw.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/image.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/joystick.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/key.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/locals.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/mask.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/math.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/midi.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/mixer.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/mouse.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/music.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/overlay.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/pixelarray.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/pixelcopy.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/pygame.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/rect.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/scrap.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/sndarray.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/sprite.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/surface.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/surfarray.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/tests.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/time.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/touch.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/ref/transform.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/CameraIntro.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/ChimpLineByLine.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/DisplayModes.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/ImportInit.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/MakeGames.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/MoveIt.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/PygameIntro.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/SpriteIntro.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/SurfarrayIntro-rest
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/SurfarrayIntro.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/camera_average.jpg
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/camera_background.jpg
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/camera_green.jpg
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/camera_hsv.jpg
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/camera_mask.jpg
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/camera_rgb.jpg
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/camera_thresh.jpg
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/camera_thresholded.jpg
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/camera_yuv.jpg
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/chimp.py.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/chimpshot.gif
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/common.txt
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/intro_ball.gif
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/intro_blade.jpg
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/intro_freedom.jpg
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/newbieguide.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/surfarray.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/surfarray_allblack.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/surfarray_flipped.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/surfarray_redimg.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/surfarray_rgbarray.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/surfarray_scaledown.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/surfarray_scaleup.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/surfarray_soften.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/surfarray_striped.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/surfarray_xfade.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/tom_basic.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/tom_event-flowchart.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/tom_formulae.png
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/tom_games2.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/tom_games3.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/tom_games4.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/tom_games5.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/tom_games6.rst
share/doc/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/tut/tom_radians.png
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/README.rst
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/__init__.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/aacircle.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/aliens.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/arraydemo.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/audiocapture.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/blend_fill.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/blit_blends.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/camera.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/chimp.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/cursors.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/BGR.png
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/alien1.gif
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/alien1.jpg
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/alien1.png
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/alien2.gif
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/alien2.png
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/alien3.gif
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/alien3.png
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/arraydemo.bmp
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/asprite.bmp
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/background.gif
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/black.ppm
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/blue.gif
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/blue.mpg
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/bomb.gif
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/boom.wav
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/brick.png
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/car_door.wav
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/chimp.bmp
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/city.png
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/danger.gif
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/explosion1.gif
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/fist.bmp
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/green.pcx
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/grey.pgm
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/house_lo.mp3
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/house_lo.ogg
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/house_lo.wav
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/laplacian.png
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/liquid.bmp
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/midikeys.png
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/oldplayer.gif
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/player1.gif
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/punch.wav
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/purple.xpm
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/red.jpg
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/sans.ttf
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/secosmic_lo.wav
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/shot.gif
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/static.png
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/turquoise.tif
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/whiff.wav
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/yellow.tga
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/data/yuv_1.pgm
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/dropevent.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/eventlist.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/fastevents.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/font_viewer.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/fonty.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/freetype_misc.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/glcube.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/headless_no_windows_needed.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/liquid.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/mask.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/midi.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/moveit.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/music_drop_fade.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/overlay.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/pixelarray.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/playmus.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/prevent_display_stretching.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/resizing_new.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/scaletest.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/scrap_clipboard.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/scroll.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/setmodescale.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/sound.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/sound_array_demos.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/sprite_texture.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/stars.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/testsprite.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/textinput.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/vgrade.py
share/examples/${MODPY_PY_PREFIX}pygame/video.py
