bin/pgnfix
bin/sc_eco
bin/sc_epgn
bin/sc_import
bin/sc_remote
bin/sc_spell
bin/scid
bin/scidpgn
bin/spf2spi
bin/spliteco
@bin bin/tkscid
share/scid/
share/scid/bases/
share/scid/books/
share/scid/books/Elo2400.bin
share/scid/books/Performance.bin
share/scid/books/gm2600.bin
share/scid/books/readme.txt
share/scid/books/varied.bin
share/scid/engines/
share/scid/engines/phalanx-scid/
@bin share/scid/engines/phalanx-scid/phalanx-scid
share/scid/html/
share/scid/html/bitmaps/
share/scid/html/bitmaps/bb.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/bk.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/bn.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/bp.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/bq.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/br.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/bb.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/bk.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/bn.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/bp.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/bq.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/br.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/sq.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/wb.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/wk.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/wn.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/wp.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/wq.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/mini/wr.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/sq.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/wb.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/wk.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/wn.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/wp.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/wq.gif
share/scid/html/bitmaps/wr.gif
share/scid/html/scid.css
share/scid/html/scid.js
share/scid/img/
share/scid/img/boards/
share/scid/img/boards/BrownMarble-d.gif
share/scid/img/boards/BrownMarble-l.gif
share/scid/img/boards/DarkWood-d.gif
share/scid/img/boards/DarkWood-l.gif
share/scid/img/boards/F8BrownMarble-d.gif
share/scid/img/boards/F8BrownMarble-l.gif
share/scid/img/boards/F8GreenMarble-d.gif
share/scid/img/boards/F8GreenMarble-l.gif
share/scid/img/boards/F8Wood-d.gif
share/scid/img/boards/F8Wood-l.gif
share/scid/img/boards/LightWood1-d.gif
share/scid/img/boards/LightWood1-l.gif
share/scid/img/boards/LightWood2-d.gif
share/scid/img/boards/LightWood2-l.gif
share/scid/img/boards/LightWood3-d.gif
share/scid/img/boards/LightWood3-l.gif
share/scid/img/boards/MapleWalnut-d.gif
share/scid/img/boards/MapleWalnut-l.gif
share/scid/img/boards/ReadMe.txt
share/scid/img/boards/Stone-d.gif
share/scid/img/boards/Stone-l.gif
share/scid/img/boards/emptySquare.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/
share/scid/img/buttons/FICSabort.png
share/scid/img/buttons/FICSdraw.png
share/scid/img/buttons/FICSexit.png
share/scid/img/buttons/FICSprofile.png
share/scid/img/buttons/FICSrelayedgames.png
share/scid/img/buttons/FICSresign.png
share/scid/img/buttons/FICSsearch.png
share/scid/img/buttons/FICSsilence.png
share/scid/img/buttons/FICStakeback1.png
share/scid/img/buttons/FICStakeback2.png
share/scid/img/buttons/FICSunobserve.png
share/scid/img/buttons/FICSusers.png
share/scid/img/buttons/copyright
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Autoplay.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Back.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_BackToMainline.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Changes.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Comment.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Coords.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_End.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Flip.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Forward.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Fullscreen.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Layout.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Material.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_NewMainline.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_NewVar.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Redo.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Replace.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Revert.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Save.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_SaveAs.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_SetupBoard.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_ShowToolbar.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Start.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Undo.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_VarDelete.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_VarLeave.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_VarPromote.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BD_Variations.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BoardMask.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_BoardMaskBusy.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_Retrieve.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_Send.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_book.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_database.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_delete.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_draw.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_engine.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_envelope.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_message.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_offline.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_online.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_oppmove.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_outoftime.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_pluginactive.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_postal.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_relay.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_spacer.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_tablebase.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_CC_yourmove.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_Layout.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_Stats.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_addallvars.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_addmove.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_addvar.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_annotate.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_annotate_on.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_bargraph.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_bkm.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_black.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_boardsearch.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_bsearch.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_calendar.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_close.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_close_hover.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_closedb.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_config.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_coords.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_copy.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_cpu.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_cpu_hi.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_cross.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_crosst.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_crosstab.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_cut.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_down.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_down.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_eco.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_empty.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_end.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_eng_connecting.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_eng_dgt.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_eng_disconnected.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_eng_error.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_eng_off.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_eng_ok.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_eng_on.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_eng_query.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_engine.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_engineinfo.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_finder.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_finish_off.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_finish_on.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_flip.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_glist.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_gnext.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_gprev.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_headersearch.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_help.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_help_small.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_hsearch.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_iconSave.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_invar.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_invar.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_list.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_lockengine.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_mainline.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_maint.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_materialsearch.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_menu.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_msearch.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_new.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_newdb.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_newgame.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_next.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_open.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_outvar.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_paste.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_pgn.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_play.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_prev.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_rfilter.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_save.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_save_small.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_search16.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_search_off.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_search_on.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_start.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_stop.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_switcher.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_tabmenu.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_tick.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_tmt.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_training.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_tree.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_trial.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_trial_on.gif
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_up.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_update.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_updir.png
share/scid/img/buttons/tb_white.gif
share/scid/img/flags/
share/scid/img/flags/copyright
share/scid/img/flags/flag_afg.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_aho.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_alb.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_alg.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_and.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ang.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ant.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_arg.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_arm.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_aru.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_aus.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_aut.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_aze.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_bah.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ban.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_bar.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_bdi.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_bel.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ben.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ber.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_bih.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_blr.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_blz.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_bol.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_bot.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_bra.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_brn.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_bru.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_bul.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_can.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_chi.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_chn.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_cmr.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_col.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_com.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_crc.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_cro.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_cub.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_cym.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_cyp.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_cze.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_den.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_dom.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ecu.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_egy.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_eng.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_eri.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_esa.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_esp.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_est.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_eth.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_eur.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_fai.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_fij.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_fin.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_fra.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_gam.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_gbr.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_geo.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ger.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_gha.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_grd.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_gre.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_gua.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_guy.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_hai.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_hkg.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_hon.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_hun.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ina.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ind.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_iri.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_irl.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_irq.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_isl.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_isr.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ita.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_jam.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_jor.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_jpn.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_kaz.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ken.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_kgz.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_khm.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_kir.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_kor.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_kuw.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_lao.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_lat.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_lba.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_lbr.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_lib.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_lie.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ltu.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_lux.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mad.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mar.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mas.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mau.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mda.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mex.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mgl.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mkd.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mli.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mlt.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mnc.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mne.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_moz.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mri.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_mya.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_nca.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ned.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_nep.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ngr.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_nir.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_nor.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_nzl.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_omn.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_pak.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_pan.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_par.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_per.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_phi.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_png.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_pol.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_por.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_prk.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_pur.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_qat.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_que.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_rom.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_rsa.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_rus.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_sau.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_sco.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_sen.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_sey.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_sin.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_sle.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_slo.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_smr.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_srb.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_sri.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_sud.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_sui.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_sun.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_sur.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_svk.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_swe.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_syr.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_tcd.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_tha.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_tjk.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_tkm.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_tri.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_tun.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_tur.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_twn.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_uae.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_uga.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ukr.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_urs.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_uru.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_usa.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_uzb.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_ven.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_vie.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_wal.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_yem.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_yug.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_zam.gif
share/scid/img/flags/flag_zim.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_100.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_105.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_110.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_115.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_130.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_145.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_170.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_200.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_25.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_30.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_35.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_40.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_45.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_50.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_55.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_60.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_65.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_70.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_75.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_80.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_85.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_90.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/alpha2_95.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Alpha/copyright
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/Bauhaus_25.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/Bauhaus_30.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/Bauhaus_35.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/Bauhaus_40.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/Bauhaus_45.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/Bauhaus_50.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/Bauhaus_55.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/Bauhaus_60.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/Bauhaus_65.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/Bauhaus_70.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/Bauhaus_80.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Bauhaus/copyright
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_100.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_105.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_110.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_25.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_30.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_35.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_40.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_45.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_50.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_55.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_60.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_65.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_70.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_75.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_80.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_85.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_90.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Blindfold/Blindfold_95.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_100.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_105.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_110.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_115.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_130.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_145.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_170.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_200.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_25.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_30.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_35.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_40.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_45.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_50.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_55.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_60.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_65.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_70.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_75.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_80.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_85.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_90.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Cburnett/cburnett_95.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_100.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_105.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_110.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_120.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_25.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_30.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_35.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_40.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_45.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_50.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_55.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_60.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_65.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_70.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_75.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_80.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_85.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_90.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Eboard/Eboard_95.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/copyright
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_100.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_105.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_110.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_200.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_25.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_30.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_35.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_40.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_45.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_50.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_55.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_60.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_65.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_70.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_75.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_80.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_85.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_90.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Fantasy2/fantasy2_95.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_100.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_105.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_110.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_115.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_130.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_145.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_170.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_200.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_25.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_30.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_35.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_40.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_45.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_50.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_55.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_60.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_65.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_70.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_75.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_80.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_85.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_90.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Good Companion/good_companion_95.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/Kingdom_25.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/Kingdom_30.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/Kingdom_35.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/Kingdom_40.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/Kingdom_45.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/Kingdom_50.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/Kingdom_55.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/Kingdom_60.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/Kingdom_65.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/Kingdom_70.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/Kingdom_75.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Kingdom/Kingdom_80.gif
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_100.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_105.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_110.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_200.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_25.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_30.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_35.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_40.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_45.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_50.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_55.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_60.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_65.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_70.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_75.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_80.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_85.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_90.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/Leibzig_95.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Leipzig/copyright
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/copyright
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_100.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_105.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_110.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_115.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_130.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_145.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_170.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_200.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_25.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_30.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_35.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_40.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_45.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_50.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_55.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_60.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_65.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_70.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_75.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_80.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_85.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_90.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida/merida2_95.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_100.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_114.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_25.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_30.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_35.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_40.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_45.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_50.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_55.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_60.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_65.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_70.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_75.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_80.png
share/scid/img/pieces/Merida1/Merida1_88.png
share/scid/img/pieces/ReadMe.txt
share/scid/img/scid.gif
share/scid/scid.eco
share/scid/tcl/
share/scid/tcl/appearance.tcl
share/scid/tcl/board.tcl
share/scid/tcl/contrib/
share/scid/tcl/contrib/ezsmtp/
share/scid/tcl/contrib/ezsmtp/ChangeLog
share/scid/tcl/contrib/ezsmtp/README.txt
share/scid/tcl/contrib/ezsmtp/ezsmtp.html
share/scid/tcl/contrib/ezsmtp/ezsmtp.tcl
share/scid/tcl/contrib/ezsmtp/install.tcl
share/scid/tcl/contrib/ezsmtp/koi8-r-body.txt
share/scid/tcl/contrib/ezsmtp/license.txt
share/scid/tcl/contrib/ezsmtp/postinst.tcl
share/scid/tcl/contrib/ezsmtp/test_examples.txt
share/scid/tcl/edit.tcl
share/scid/tcl/end.tcl
share/scid/tcl/errors.tcl
share/scid/tcl/file/
share/scid/tcl/file.tcl
share/scid/tcl/file/bookmark.tcl
share/scid/tcl/file/finder.tcl
share/scid/tcl/file/maint.tcl
share/scid/tcl/file/recent.tcl
share/scid/tcl/file/spellchk.tcl
share/scid/tcl/game.tcl
share/scid/tcl/help/
share/scid/tcl/help/help.tcl
share/scid/tcl/help/tips.tcl
share/scid/tcl/htext.tcl
share/scid/tcl/keyboard.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/
share/scid/tcl/lang/catalan.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/checklangs.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/czech.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/deutsch.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/english.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/francais.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/greek.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/hungary.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/italian.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/nederlan.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/norsk.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/polish.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/portbr.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/propagatelang.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/removetoken.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/rename.sh
share/scid/tcl/lang/russian.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/serbian.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/spanish.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/suomi.tcl
share/scid/tcl/lang/swedish.tcl
share/scid/tcl/language.tcl
share/scid/tcl/main.tcl
share/scid/tcl/menus.tcl
share/scid/tcl/misc.tcl
share/scid/tcl/move.tcl
share/scid/tcl/options.tcl
share/scid/tcl/search/
share/scid/tcl/search/board.tcl
share/scid/tcl/search/header.tcl
share/scid/tcl/search/material.tcl
share/scid/tcl/search/search.tcl
share/scid/tcl/start.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/
share/scid/tcl/tools/analysis.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/calvar.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/correspondence.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/email.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/fics.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/graphs.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/import.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/inputengine.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/novag.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/opening.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/optable.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/pinfo.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/preport.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/ptracker.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/reviewgame.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/sergame.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/tablebase.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/tacgame.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/tactics.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/uci.tcl
share/scid/tcl/tools/wbdetect.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/
share/scid/tcl/utils.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/bibliography.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/date.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/font.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/graph.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/history.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/metadata.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/pane.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/sound.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/string.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/tklib_license.terms
share/scid/tcl/utils/tklib_tooltip.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/tooltip.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/validate.tcl
share/scid/tcl/utils/win.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/
share/scid/tcl/windows.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/book.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/browser.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/comment.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/crosstab.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/eco.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/gamelist.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/pfinder.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/pgn.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/stats.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/switcher.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/tourney.tcl
share/scid/tcl/windows/tree.tcl
