@conflict bnc-*
@conflict irc-*
@conflict ircd-ratbox-*
@newgroup _ircd-hybrid:616
@newuser _ircd-hybrid:616:616:daemon:IRC Daemon:/var/empty:/sbin/nologin
@rcscript ${RCDIR}/ircd_hybrid
@owner _ircd-hybrid
@group _ircd-hybrid
@sample ${LOCALSTATEDIR}/db/ircd-hybrid/
@mode 700
@sample ${LOGDIR}/
@mode
@owner
@group
@bin bin/ircd
@bin bin/mkpasswd
lib/ircd-hybrid/
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_accept.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_accept.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_admin.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_admin.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_away.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_away.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_cap.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_cap.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_capab.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_capab.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_certfp.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_certfp.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_close.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_close.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_connect.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_connect.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_dline.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_dline.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_encap.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_encap.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_eob.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_eob.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_etrace.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_etrace.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_globops.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_globops.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_hash.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_hash.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_help.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_help.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_info.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_info.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_invite.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_invite.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_ison.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_ison.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_kline.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_kline.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_knock.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_knock.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_links.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_links.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_list.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_list.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_locops.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_locops.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_lusers.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_lusers.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_map.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_map.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_metadata.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_metadata.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_module.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_module.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_monitor.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_monitor.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_motd.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_motd.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_names.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_names.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_oper.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_oper.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_pass.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_pass.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_ping.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_ping.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_pong.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_pong.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_post.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_post.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_rehash.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_rehash.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_restart.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_restart.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_resv.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_resv.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_set.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_set.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_stats.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_stats.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svinfo.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svinfo.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svsaccount.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svsaccount.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svshost.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svshost.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svsjoin.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svsjoin.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svskill.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svskill.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svsmode.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svsmode.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svsnick.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svsnick.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svspart.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svspart.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svstag.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_svstag.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_tburst.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_tburst.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_time.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_time.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_topic.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_topic.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_trace.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_trace.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_undline.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_undline.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_unkline.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_unkline.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_unresv.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_unresv.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_unxline.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_unxline.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_user.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_user.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_userhost.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_userhost.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_version.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_version.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_wallops.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_wallops.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_webirc.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_webirc.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_who.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_who.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_whois.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_whois.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_whowas.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_whowas.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_xline.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/autoload/m_xline.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/extra/
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/extra/m_opme.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/extra/m_opme.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_bmask.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_bmask.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_die.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_die.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_error.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_error.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_join.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_join.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_kick.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_kick.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_kill.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_kill.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_message.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_message.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_mode.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_mode.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_nick.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_nick.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_part.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_part.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_quit.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_quit.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_server.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_server.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_sjoin.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_sjoin.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_squit.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_squit.so
lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_tmode.la
@so lib/ircd-hybrid/modules/m_tmode.so
@man man/man8/ircd.8
share/examples/ircd-hybrid/
@mode 700
@owner _ircd-hybrid
@group _ircd-hybrid
@sample ${CONFDIR}/
@mode
@owner
@group
share/examples/ircd-hybrid/reference.conf
@mode 600
@owner _ircd-hybrid
@group _ircd-hybrid
@sample ${CONFDIR}/ircd.conf
@mode
@owner
@group
share/ircd-hybrid/
share/ircd-hybrid/help/
share/ircd-hybrid/help/accept
share/ircd-hybrid/help/admin
share/ircd-hybrid/help/away
share/ircd-hybrid/help/close
share/ircd-hybrid/help/cmode
share/ircd-hybrid/help/connect
share/ircd-hybrid/help/die
share/ircd-hybrid/help/dline
share/ircd-hybrid/help/etrace
share/ircd-hybrid/help/extban
share/ircd-hybrid/help/hash
share/ircd-hybrid/help/help
share/ircd-hybrid/help/index
share/ircd-hybrid/help/info
share/ircd-hybrid/help/invite
share/ircd-hybrid/help/ison
share/ircd-hybrid/help/join
share/ircd-hybrid/help/kick
share/ircd-hybrid/help/kill
share/ircd-hybrid/help/kline
share/ircd-hybrid/help/knock
share/ircd-hybrid/help/links
share/ircd-hybrid/help/list
share/ircd-hybrid/help/locops
share/ircd-hybrid/help/lusers
share/ircd-hybrid/help/map
share/ircd-hybrid/help/module
share/ircd-hybrid/help/monitor
share/ircd-hybrid/help/motd
share/ircd-hybrid/help/names
share/ircd-hybrid/help/nick
share/ircd-hybrid/help/notice
share/ircd-hybrid/help/oper
share/ircd-hybrid/help/part
share/ircd-hybrid/help/pass
share/ircd-hybrid/help/ping
share/ircd-hybrid/help/pong
share/ircd-hybrid/help/post
share/ircd-hybrid/help/privmsg
share/ircd-hybrid/help/quit
share/ircd-hybrid/help/rehash
share/ircd-hybrid/help/restart
share/ircd-hybrid/help/resv
share/ircd-hybrid/help/set
share/ircd-hybrid/help/squit
share/ircd-hybrid/help/stats
share/ircd-hybrid/help/time
share/ircd-hybrid/help/topic
share/ircd-hybrid/help/trace
share/ircd-hybrid/help/umode
share/ircd-hybrid/help/undline
share/ircd-hybrid/help/unkline
share/ircd-hybrid/help/unresv
share/ircd-hybrid/help/unxline
share/ircd-hybrid/help/user
share/ircd-hybrid/help/userhost
share/ircd-hybrid/help/version
share/ircd-hybrid/help/wallops
share/ircd-hybrid/help/who
share/ircd-hybrid/help/whois
share/ircd-hybrid/help/whowas
share/ircd-hybrid/help/xline
