@newgroup _e2guardian:842
@newuser _e2guardian:842:842:daemon:e2guardian user:/nonexistent:/sbin/nologin
@rcscript ${RCDIR}/e2guardian
@extraunexec rm -f /var/log/e2guardian/*
@man man/man8/e2guardian.8
@bin sbin/e2guardian
share/doc/e2guardian/
share/doc/e2guardian/AuthPlugins
share/doc/e2guardian/ContentScanners
share/doc/e2guardian/DownloadManagers
share/doc/e2guardian/FAQ
share/doc/e2guardian/FAQ.html
share/doc/e2guardian/Plugins
share/e2guardian/
share/e2guardian/blockedflash.swf
share/e2guardian/e2guardian.pl
share/e2guardian/languages/
share/e2guardian/languages/arspanish/
share/e2guardian/languages/arspanish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/arspanish/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/arspanish/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/arspanish/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/bulgarian/
share/e2guardian/languages/bulgarian/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/bulgarian/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/bulgarian/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/bulgarian/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/chinesebig5/
share/e2guardian/languages/chinesebig5/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/chinesebig5/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/chinesebig5/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/chinesebig5/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/chinesegb2312/
share/e2guardian/languages/chinesegb2312/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/chinesegb2312/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/chinesegb2312/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/chinesegb2312/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/czech/
share/e2guardian/languages/czech/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/czech/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/czech/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/czech/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/danish/
share/e2guardian/languages/danish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/danish/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/danish/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/danish/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/dutch/
share/e2guardian/languages/dutch/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/dutch/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/dutch/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/dutch/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/french/
share/e2guardian/languages/french/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/french/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/french/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/french/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/german/
share/e2guardian/languages/german/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/german/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/german/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/german/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/hebrew/
share/e2guardian/languages/hebrew/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/hebrew/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/hebrew/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/hebrew/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/hungarian/
share/e2guardian/languages/hungarian/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/hungarian/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/hungarian/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/hungarian/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/indonesian/
share/e2guardian/languages/indonesian/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/indonesian/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/indonesian/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/indonesian/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/italian/
share/e2guardian/languages/italian/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/italian/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/italian/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/italian/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/japanese/
share/e2guardian/languages/japanese/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/japanese/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/japanese/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/japanese/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/lithuanian/
share/e2guardian/languages/lithuanian/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/lithuanian/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/lithuanian/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/lithuanian/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/malay/
share/e2guardian/languages/malay/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/malay/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/malay/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/malay/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/mxspanish/
share/e2guardian/languages/mxspanish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/mxspanish/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/mxspanish/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/mxspanish/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/polish/
share/e2guardian/languages/polish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/polish/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/polish/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/polish/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/portuguese/
share/e2guardian/languages/portuguese/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/portuguese/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/portuguese/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/portuguese/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/ptbrazilian/
share/e2guardian/languages/ptbrazilian/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/ptbrazilian/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/ptbrazilian/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/ptbrazilian/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/russian-1251/
share/e2guardian/languages/russian-1251/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/russian-1251/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/russian-1251/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/russian-1251/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/russian-koi8-r/
share/e2guardian/languages/russian-koi8-r/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/russian-koi8-r/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/russian-koi8-r/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/russian-koi8-r/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/slovak/
share/e2guardian/languages/slovak/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/slovak/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/slovak/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/slovak/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/spanish/
share/e2guardian/languages/spanish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/spanish/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/spanish/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/spanish/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/swedish/
share/e2guardian/languages/swedish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/swedish/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/swedish/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/swedish/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/turkish/
share/e2guardian/languages/turkish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/turkish/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/turkish/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/turkish/template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/ukenglish/
share/e2guardian/languages/ukenglish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/e2guardian/languages/ukenglish/messages
share/e2guardian/languages/ukenglish/neterr_template.html
share/e2guardian/languages/ukenglish/template.html
share/e2guardian/scripts/
share/e2guardian/scripts/bsd-init
share/e2guardian/scripts/e2guardian
share/e2guardian/scripts/e2guardian.service
share/e2guardian/scripts/logrotation
share/e2guardian/scripts/solaris-init
share/e2guardian/scripts/systemv-init
share/e2guardian/transparent1x1.gif
share/examples/e2guardian/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/
share/examples/e2guardian/authplugins/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/authplugins/
share/examples/e2guardian/authplugins/ident.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/authplugins/ident.conf
share/examples/e2guardian/authplugins/ip.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/authplugins/ip.conf
share/examples/e2guardian/authplugins/port.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/authplugins/port.conf
share/examples/e2guardian/authplugins/proxy-basic.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/authplugins/proxy-basic.conf
share/examples/e2guardian/authplugins/proxy-digest.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/authplugins/proxy-digest.conf
share/examples/e2guardian/common.story
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/common.story
share/examples/e2guardian/contentscanners/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/contentscanners/
share/examples/e2guardian/contentscanners/clamdscan.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/contentscanners/clamdscan.conf
share/examples/e2guardian/downloadmanagers/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/downloadmanagers/
share/examples/e2guardian/downloadmanagers/default.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/downloadmanagers/default.conf
share/examples/e2guardian/e2guardian.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/e2guardian.conf
share/examples/e2guardian/e2guardianf1.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/e2guardianf1.conf
share/examples/e2guardian/examplef1.story
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/examplef1.story
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/addheaderregexplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/addheaderregexplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/authexceptioniplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/authexceptioniplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/authexceptionsiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/authexceptionsiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/authexceptionsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/authexceptionsitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/authexceptionurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/authexceptionurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/authplugins/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/authplugins/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/authplugins/ipgroups
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/authplugins/ipgroups
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/authplugins/portgroups
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/authplugins/portgroups
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedclientlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedclientlist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedextensionlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedextensionlist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannediplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannediplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedmimetypelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedmimetypelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedphraselist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedphraselist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedregexpheaderlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedregexpheaderlist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedregexpurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedregexpurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedregexpuseragentlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedregexpuseragentlist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedrooms/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedrooms/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedrooms/default
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedrooms/default
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedsearchlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedsearchlist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedsearchoveridelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedsearchoveridelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedsiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedsiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedsitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedsslsiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedsslsiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedsslsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedsslsitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/bannedurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/bannedurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/contentregexplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/contentregexplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/contentscanners/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/contentscanners/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirusextensionlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirusextensionlist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirusmimetypelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirusmimetypelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirussitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirussitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirusurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirusurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/domainsnobypass
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/domainsnobypass
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/embededreferersiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/embededreferersiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/embededreferersitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/embededreferersitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/embededrefererurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/embededrefererurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionclientlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionclientlist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionextensionlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionextensionlist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionfilesiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionfilesiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionfilesitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionfilesitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionfileurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionfileurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptioniplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptioniplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionmimetypelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionmimetypelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionphraselist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionphraselist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionregexpheaderlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionregexpheaderlist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionregexpurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionregexpurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionregexpuseragentlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionregexpuseragentlist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionsiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionsiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionsitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionvirusextensionlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionvirusextensionlist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/exceptionvirussiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/exceptionvirussiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/filtergroupslist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/filtergroupslist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/greysiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/greysiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/greysitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/greysitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/greysslsiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/greysslsiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/greysslsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/greysslsitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/greyurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/greyurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/headerregexplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/headerregexplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/ipnobypass
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/ipnobypass
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localbannedsearchlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localbannedsearchlist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localbannedsiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localbannedsiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localbannedsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localbannedsitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localbannedsslsiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localbannedsslsiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localbannedsslsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localbannedsslsitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localbannedurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localbannedurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localexceptionsiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localexceptionsiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localexceptionsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localexceptionsitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localexceptionurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localexceptionurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localgreysiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localgreysiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localgreysitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localgreysitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localgreysslsiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localgreysslsiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localgreysslsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localgreysslsitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/localgreyurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/localgreyurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/logregexpurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/logregexpurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/logsiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/logsiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/logsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/logsitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/logurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/logurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/newbannedphraselist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/newbannedphraselist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/newexceptionphraselist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/newexceptionphraselist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/newweightedphraselist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/newweightedphraselist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/nocheckcertsiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/nocheckcertsiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/nocheckcertsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/nocheckcertsitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_dutch
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_dutch
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_french
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_french
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_german
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_german
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_spanish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_spanish
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chat/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chat/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chat/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chat/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chat/weighted_italian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chat/weighted_italian
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chinesebig5/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chinesebig5/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chinesebig5/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chinesebig5/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chinesebig5/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chinesebig5/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chinesegb2312/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chinesegb2312/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chinesegb2312/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chinesegb2312/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chinesegb2312/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/chinesegb2312/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/conspiracy/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/conspiracy/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/conspiracy/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/conspiracy/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/danish/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/danish/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/danish/goodphrases/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/danish/goodphrases/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/danish/goodphrases/weighted_general
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/danish/goodphrases/weighted_general
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/danish/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/danish/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/danish/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/danish/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/domainsforsale/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/domainsforsale/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/domainsforsale/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/domainsforsale/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/drugadvocacy/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/drugadvocacy/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/drugadvocacy/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/drugadvocacy/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/badwords/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/badwords/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/badwords/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/badwords/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/goodphrases/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/goodphrases/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/goodphrases/weighted_general
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/goodphrases/weighted_general
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/dutch/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/forums/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/forums/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/forums/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/forums/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/french/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/french/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/french/badwords/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/french/badwords/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/french/badwords/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/french/badwords/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/french/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/french/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/french/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/french/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/banned
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/banned_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/banned_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/games/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/games/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/games/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/games/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/german/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/german/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/german/badwords/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/german/badwords/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/german/badwords/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/german/badwords/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/german/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/german/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/german/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/german/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/exception
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/exception
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/exception_email
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/exception_email
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_danish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_danish
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_dutch
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_dutch
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_malay
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_malay
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_polish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_polish
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_swedish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_swedish
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_news
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_news
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/googlesearches/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/googlesearches/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/googlesearches/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/googlesearches/banned
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gore/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gore/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gore/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gore/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gore/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/gore/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/idtheft/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/idtheft/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/idtheft/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/idtheft/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/banned
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/banned_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/banned_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/badwords/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/badwords/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/badwords/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/badwords/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/chat/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/chat/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/chat/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/chat/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/italian/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/japanese/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/japanese/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/japanese/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/japanese/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/japanese/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/japanese/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/legaldrugs/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/legaldrugs/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/legaldrugs/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/legaldrugs/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malay/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malay/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malay/goodphrases/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malay/goodphrases/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malay/goodphrases/weighted_general
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malay/goodphrases/weighted_general
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malay/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malay/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malay/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malay/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malware/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malware/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malware/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/malware/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/music/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/music/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/music/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/music/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/news/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/news/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/news/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/news/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/norwegian/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/norwegian/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/norwegian/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/norwegian/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/norwegian/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/norwegian/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/nudism/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/nudism/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/nudism/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/nudism/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/peer2peer/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/peer2peer/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/peer2peer/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/peer2peer/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/personals/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/personals/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/personals/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/personals/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/personals/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/personals/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/polish/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/polish/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/polish/goodphrases/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/polish/goodphrases/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/polish/goodphrases/weighted_general
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/polish/goodphrases/weighted_general
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/polish/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/polish/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/polish/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/polish/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/banned
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/banned_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/banned_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_chinese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_chinese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_danish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_danish
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_dutch
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_dutch
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_french
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_french
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_german
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_german
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_italian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_italian
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_japanese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_japanese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_malay
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_malay
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_norwegian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_norwegian
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_polish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_polish
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_russian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_russian
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_russian_utf8
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_russian_utf8
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_spanish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_spanish
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_swedish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_swedish
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/badwords/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/badwords/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/badwords/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/badwords/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/gambling/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/gambling/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/gambling/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/gambling/banned
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/gambling/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/gambling/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/goodphrases/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/goodphrases/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/goodphrases/weighted_general
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/goodphrases/weighted_general
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/gore/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/gore/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/gore/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/gore/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/illegaldrugs/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/illegaldrugs/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/illegaldrugs/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/illegaldrugs/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/intolerance/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/intolerance/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/intolerance/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/intolerance/banned
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/intolerance/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/intolerance/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/personals/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/personals/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/personals/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/personals/banned
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/personals/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/personals/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/violence/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/violence/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/violence/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/violence/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/weapons/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/weapons/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/weapons/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/portuguese/weapons/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/proxies/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/proxies/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/proxies/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/proxies/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/rta/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/rta/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/rta/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/rta/banned
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/russian-1251/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/russian-1251/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/russian-1251/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/russian-1251/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/russian-1251/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/russian-1251/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/russian-koi8-r/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/russian-koi8-r/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/russian-koi8-r/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/russian-koi8-r/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/russian-koi8-r/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/russian-koi8-r/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/safelabel/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/safelabel/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/safelabel/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/safelabel/banned
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/secretsocieties/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/secretsocieties/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/secretsocieties/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/secretsocieties/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/spanish/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/spanish/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/spanish/badwords/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/spanish/badwords/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/spanish/badwords/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/spanish/badwords/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/spanish/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/spanish/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/spanish/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/spanish/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/sport/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/sport/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/sport/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/sport/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/swedish/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/swedish/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/swedish/goodphrases/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/swedish/goodphrases/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/swedish/goodphrases/weighted_general
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/swedish/goodphrases/weighted_general
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/swedish/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/swedish/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/swedish/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/swedish/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/translation/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/translation/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/translation/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/translation/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/travel/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/travel/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/travel/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/travel/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/badwords/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/badwords/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/badwords/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/badwords/banned
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/badwords/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/badwords/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/chat/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/chat/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/chat/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/chat/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/drugadvocacy/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/drugadvocacy/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/drugadvocacy/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/drugadvocacy/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/gambling/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/gambling/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/gambling/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/gambling/banned
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/gambling/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/gambling/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/games/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/games/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/games/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/games/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/goodphrases/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/goodphrases/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/goodphrases/exception_email
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/goodphrases/exception_email
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/goodphrases/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/goodphrases/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/goodphrases/weighted_news
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/goodphrases/weighted_news
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/gore/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/gore/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/gore/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/gore/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/illegaldrugs/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/illegaldrugs/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/illegaldrugs/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/illegaldrugs/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/intolerance/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/intolerance/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/intolerance/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/intolerance/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/nudism/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/nudism/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/nudism/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/nudism/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/personals/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/personals/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/personals/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/personals/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/pornography/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/pornography/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/pornography/banned
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/pornography/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/proxies/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/proxies/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/proxies/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/proxies/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/violence/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/violence/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/violence/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/violence/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/warezhacking/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/warezhacking/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/warezhacking/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/warezhacking/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/weapons/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/weapons/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/weapons/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/ukenglish/weapons/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/upstreamfilter/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/upstreamfilter/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/upstreamfilter/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/upstreamfilter/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/violence/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/violence/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/violence/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/violence/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/violence/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/violence/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/warezhacking/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/warezhacking/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/warezhacking/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/warezhacking/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/weapons/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/weapons/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/weapons/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/weapons/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/weapons/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/weapons/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/webmail/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/webmail/
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/webmail/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/phraselists/webmail/weighted
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/refererexceptionsiteiplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/refererexceptionsiteiplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/refererexceptionsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/refererexceptionsitelist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/refererexceptionurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/refererexceptionurllist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/searchregexplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/searchregexplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/sslsiteregexplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/sslsiteregexplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/urlnobypass
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/urlnobypass
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/urlredirectregexplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/urlredirectregexplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/urlregexplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/urlregexplist
share/examples/e2guardian/lists/weightedphraselist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/lists/weightedphraselist
share/examples/e2guardian/preauth.story
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/preauth.story
share/examples/e2guardian/site.story
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/e2guardian/site.story
@owner _e2guardian
@group _e2guardian
@sample /var/log/e2guardian/
