@bin bin/Fritzing
bin/fritzing
share/applications/fritzing.desktop
share/fritzing/
share/fritzing/bins/
share/fritzing/bins/contribParts.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/core.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/
share/fritzing/bins/more/ADIcon-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/ADIcon.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/AnalogDevices.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/Atlas Scientific.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/Seeed-Studio-Icon-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/Seeed-Studio-Icon.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/arduino.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/atlas-scientific-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/atlas-scientific.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/intel-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/intel.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/intel.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/lilypad.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/parallax.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/picaxe.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/seeed_fritzing_parts.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/snootlab.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-analogic-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-analogic.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-analogic.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-connectors-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-connectors.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-connectors.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-digitalic-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-digitalic.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-digitalic.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-discretesemi-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-discretesemi.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-discretesemi.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-electromechanical-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-electromechanical.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-electromechanical.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-etc-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-etc.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-etc.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-poweric-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-poweric.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-poweric.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-rf-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-rf.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-rf.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-sensors-mono.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-sensors.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun-sensors.png
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun.fzb
share/fritzing/help/
share/fritzing/help/images/
share/fritzing/help/images/assoc1.PNG
share/fritzing/help/images/bus1.png
share/fritzing/help/images/highlight1.png
share/fritzing/help/images/highlight2.png
share/fritzing/help/images/highlight3.png
share/fritzing/help/images/pin1.png
share/fritzing/help/images/pin3.PNG
share/fritzing/help/images/schematic1.png
share/fritzing/help/images/schematic2.png
share/fritzing/help/images/schematic3.png
share/fritzing/help/images/start.png
share/fritzing/help/images/tools1.png
share/fritzing/help/parts_editor_help.html
share/fritzing/parts/
share/fritzing/parts/README.md
share/fritzing/parts/contrib/
share/fritzing/parts/contrib/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/core/
share/fritzing/parts/core/10x2-Epaper-Breakout-Board-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/11LC010.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/11LC020.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/11LC040.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/11LC080.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/11LC160.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/16-segment_display.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/23LCV1024_1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC01.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC02.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC04.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC08.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC1025.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC128.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC256.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC32.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC512.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC64.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC010.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC020.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC040.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC080.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC1024.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC128.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC160.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC256.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC320.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC512.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC640.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/3_Axis_Accelerometer_Breakout___MMA8452Q.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/4 x AAA Battery Mount.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/4067_HCF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/555timer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/5DOF-v25.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/6DOF-Digital-v10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/7-segment_display.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/74HC139N_1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/74HC595 Shift Reg Breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/74HC595.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/7segment_100_an.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/7segment_100_cat.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/7segment_13_an.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/7segment_13_cat.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/7segment_20,32_an.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/7segment_20,32_cat.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/7segment_56,9_an.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/7segment_56,9_cat.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/7segment_9,9_an.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/7segment_9,9_cat.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/9DoF-Stick-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/A4950_37.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ACS712 Low Current Sensor Board v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/AD5206 Digital Potentiometer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_AD22100KTZ.AnalogDevices_AD22100KTZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_AD22151.AnalogDevices_AD22151YRZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_AD584.AnalogDevices_AD584JNZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_AD654.AnalogDevices_AD654JNZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_AD8210.AnalogDevices_AD8210YRZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_AD8226.AnalogDevices_AD8226ARZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_AD8541.AnalogDevices_AD8541ARZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_AD8561.AnalogDevices_AD8561ANZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_ADMP504CEZ.AnalogDevices_ADMP504CEZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_ADP3300.AnalogDevices_ADP3300ARTZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_ADTL082.AnalogDevices_ADTL082ARZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_ADXL327.AnalogDevices_ADXL327CPZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_OP27.AnalogDevices_OP27GPZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_OP37.AnalogDevices_OP37GPZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_OP482.AnalogDevices_OP482GPZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_SSM2212.AnalogDevices_SSM2212RZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_SSM2220.AnalogDevices_SSM2220S.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADI_TMP01.AnalogDevices_TMP01FPZ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADXL335_v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADXL345-BreakoutBoard-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/AMPHENOL-ACJS-MHDR.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ATmega644.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ATtiny85.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Adafruit_Atmega32u4_Breakout.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/AlphaNumericDisplay-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Amplified-Mic-Electret-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Analog_Digital_MUX_Breakout.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Antenna.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ArduPilotMega_v15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino Nano3(fix).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino Nano3(icsp).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino Voice Shield-v16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino-BLE-LowPower-RevB-final_5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino-Ethernet-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino-Fio-v22(fix)-bottom.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino-Fio-v22(fix).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino-Fio-v22(iscp+)-bottom.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino-Fio-v22(iscp+).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino-Mini-v5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v13-a4+5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ArduinoBluetoothMatev13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino_ADK_MEGA_2560-Rev3(fix).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino_ADK_MEGA_2560-Rev3(icsp).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino_DUE_V02b.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino_Esplora.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino_Ethernet.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino_Leonardo_Rev3(fix).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino_MEGA_2560-Rev3(fix).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino_Micro_Rev03(fix).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino_Motor_Shield_rev3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino_Pro.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino_bt07.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Ardumoto v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2e.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2p24.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2p40.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2pe.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2px24.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2sx.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BMP085 Breakout-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Barometric Pressure Sensor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Basic Force Sensing Resistor (FSR).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Battery block 9V.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Bean_revE.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Breadboard Power Supply - SMD v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Buzzer-v15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/CD4048B_1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/CRYSTAL - kHz.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Color-LCD-Shield-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Color_Sensor_Breakout_ADJD_S311.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/DB25F.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/DB25M.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/DIP_Relay_D31A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/DS1302.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/DS1307.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/DUO_LED_RG.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/DeadOn RTC - DS3234 Breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Dial Potentiometer with switch.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Digital_Panel_Meter__Voltage__DMS_20PC.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Dual_VNH2SP30_Motor_Driver.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/EDGY_Analog_In.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/EDGY_motor_control.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/EasyDriver_v44.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/FRM010.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/FRM050.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/FT230XQ_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/FTDI Basic-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/FTDI Basic-v13_3.3v.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/FTDI Basic-v13_lily.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Frode_1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Fuse_with_Handler.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/GLCD 128x64.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/GPSShield-v15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/GSM-Quectel_updateTID_2_v1.3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Gas_Sensor_Breakout-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/HCMS-29xx.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/HEF4094.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/HIH-4030_Breakout-v10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/HMC5883L_Breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/HMC6352-v18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Half_breadboard.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Humidity_Sensor_SHT15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Humidity_and_Temperature_Sensor_RHT03.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/IOIO-v15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/IR_Receiver_v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ISD1932 Breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ITG-3200-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Joystick-Breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Joystick_Shield-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/KA78R05_Low_Dropout_Voltage_Regulator.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/L293D.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/L3G4200D-Breakout-v10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LBT2088AH.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LDR_photocell_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LED Tactile Button Breakout v10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LED-generic-3mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LED-generic-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LED_Matrix_Kingbright_TA07-11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LED_Matrix_Kingbright_TC07-11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LED_Prolight_RGB.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LSM303 breakout board-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LeDeuligne1.1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Level-Converter-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Lhi958.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LiPo-USB-Charger-v21.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad Battery-Connect-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad Coincell-Battery-v17.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad SimplePower-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-Accelerometer-v17.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-Button-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-Light Sensor-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-Simple-v25.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-Temp-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-XBee-v15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-slide-switch13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad_Arduino_USB.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad_LED-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Lilypad Vibe Motor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Lilypad_PowerSupply-v18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/M5450_LED_Driver.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/MIDI Music Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/MIDI_Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/MP3 Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/MPR121-Breakout-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Mainboard-v18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Mega_Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Memoire-1.0.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Modkit Shield-v1a.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/MonsterMoto-Shield-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Motor Driver 1A Dual TB6612FNG v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/NCP1400_5V_Step-Up_v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Netduino.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/NetduinoMini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/NetduinoPlus.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/NetduinoPlus2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/New_Aries_28W_ZIF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/OBD-II-UART-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Op Amp Breakout-v16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/OpenLog.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Optocoupler_TLP621.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PCF8574.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_08.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_08M.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_14M.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_18A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_18M.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_18X.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_20M.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_20X2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_28.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_28A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_28X.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_28X1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_28X2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_28X2_3V.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_40X.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_40X1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_40X2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_40X2_3V.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PIC_16F877A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PWM-Shield-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Peppermill Power Board.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Power Screwshield 1.0a.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Power plug.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PowerCell Lipo Charger Booster v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PowerDriver-Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PowerIR-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PowerSupply-Lipo-v15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ProtoShield-Mini-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ProtoShield-v25.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Proto_shield_REV3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Pushbutton.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/RFID_USB_Reader-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/RFM12B_Transceiver_DIP_Package.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/RFM12b_HopeRF_Transceiver_fix.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/RGB_matrix_v25.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/RJ45_TRXCOM.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/RN41-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Raspberry_Pi_2_v1.1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Raspberry_Pi_A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Raspberry_Pi_B(rev1).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Raspberry_Pi_B(rev2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Raspberry_Pi_B+.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Real_Time_Clock_Module___DS1307_RTC_Breakout_Board.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Rotary_Encoder_fix.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Rotoshield-1.0a.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Round Pushbutton.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/S1133_Si_Photodiode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SI4735 Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SIM928A-sim928A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_24LC01.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_74HC595.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_AD5206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_BC847.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_BC857.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_DS1302.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_Diode_REC_DO.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_Diode_REC_DOAA.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_Diode_STK_DO.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_Diode_ZEN_3-6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_HTSSOP28-pad.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_HTSSOP28.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_LED_generic_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_LED_generic_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_LED_generic_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_LQFP-32.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_LQFP-48.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_N-FET.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_N-FET_DPak.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_NE555.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_P-FET.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_P-FET_DPak.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_QFN-20-0.4MM.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_QFN-24.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_QFN-28.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_QFN-32.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_QFN-36.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_QFN-64.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO-24W.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO-28W.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO08.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO08_EIAJ.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO18W.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO20W.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SOIC-14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SOIC18-W.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SSOP16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SSOP20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SSOP24.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SSOP28DB.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SSOP48.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_TQFP32-5MM.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_TSSOP20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_ULN2003A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_Vreg_7805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_atmega168.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_crystal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_elko_0405.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_elko_0605.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_elko_0807.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_elko_1010.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_inductor_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_inductor_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_inductor_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_lm358_SO.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_multilayer-capacitor_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_multilayer-capacitor_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_multilayer-capacitor_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_pushbutton.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_resistor_0402.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_resistor_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_resistor_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_resistor_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_tantalum_capacitor_A_3216.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_tantalum_capacitor_B_3528.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_tantalum_capacitor_C_6032.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_tantalum_capacitor_D_7343.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SN74LS14N Schmitt Trigger.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SN74LS14N.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SN74LS20N.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SN74LS21N.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SN74LS32N.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SN74LVC2G14DBVR_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SPARKCORE_v1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/STM32F103.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/STM32_Nucleo_board.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Shield_Eth06-PoE.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Si470x-Eval-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/TEMT6000_Breakout-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/TI Launchpad MSP430G2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/TMP102_Breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/TPA2000D1 Audio Amplifier dip double.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/TPA2000D1 Audio Amplifier dip.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/TPA2000D1 Audio Amplifier smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/TRRS 3.5mm Jack Breakout v10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Teensy 2.0 ++.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Teensy 2.0.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Teensy 3.0+pads.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Teensy 3.0.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Textile Analog Pressure Sensor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Textile Potentiometer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Textile Pushbutton.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Textile Stretch Sensor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Tilt switch.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Touch_Shield-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Trackballer-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Tricolor-LED v16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ULN2003A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ULN2803A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/USB connector.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/USBHostShield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/WIZ820io.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/WeIO.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/WiFly_Shield-v17.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Wireless_SD_v3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Wiring_S.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/XBee-Regulated-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/acpower.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ad5330 breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/alps-starter-pot9mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduino-intel-galileo-half-pcb-shape.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduino-intel-galileo-pcb-shape.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduino-mega-r3-shield_one_layer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduino-mega-rev3-shield_two_layer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduino-shield.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduino-shield_r3_two_layer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduinoXbeere.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduino_Uno_Rev3(fix).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduino_Yun(rev1)_v1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduino_uno(rev3)-icsp(1).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduino_uno(rev3)-icsp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atlas-sientific_Conductivity Circuit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atlas-sientific_D.O. Circuit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atlas-sientific_Debugger.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atlas-sientific_ENV-32X.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atlas-sientific_FLO-30 Circuit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atlas-sientific_ORP Circuit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atlas-sientific_PWR-SNS.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atlas-sientific_Pre-AssembledFemaleBNC.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atlas-sientific_RJ-11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atlas-sientific_Serial Port Connector.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atlas-sientific_pH Circuit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atmega168_8e4b4f3e54f56b3f712afc6a8e6a8a71.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atmega328-tqfp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atmega328_8e4b4f3e54f56b3f712afc6a8e6a8a71.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/audio-jack-4pin-3.5mm-smd-lumberg-jeita-rc-5325A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/audiojack_breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/avr_spi_prog-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/bareconductive_touchboard.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic-relay.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic-toggle-switch.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic_fet_n.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic_fet_p.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic_fsr.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic_power_transistor_npn.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic_power_transistor_pnp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/battery-AA.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/blueIOT_Rc1-final.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/breadboard.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/breadboard2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/canbus_shield-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_ceramic_100mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_ceramic_200mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_electrolytic_large.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_electrolytic_medium.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_electrolytic_small.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_tantalum_100mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_tantalum_200mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/cellular shield-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/chipkit_BasicIOShield.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/chipkit_MX4.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/chipkit_MotorShield.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/chipkit_WF32.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/controller_mbed.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/controller_pico.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/controller_propeller_D40.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/controller_wiring.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/controller_wiring_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/crystal-smd-3.2x2.5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/crystal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/dc_motor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/dcpower2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/din-5_midi_connector.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/diode_1N4001_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/diode_schottky_1N5817_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/diode_zener_0_5w_3_6v_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/dquidio.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/electromechanical-battery-2-aa.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/electromechanical-battery-2-aaa.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/electromechanical-battery-aa-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/electromechanical-battery-aa.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/electromechanical-battery-aaa.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/fritzing_donuts-white.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/fritzing_donuts.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/generic_sip_2_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/gogoboard 4.0.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/gs1011_breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/h-bridge.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/halfBreadboard.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/halfMinusBreadboard.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/inductor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/infrared_proximity_sensor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/intel-arduino_galileo-simple.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/intel-arduino_galileo.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/intel-arduino_galileo_gen2-simple.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/intel-arduino_galileo_gen2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/intel_edison-hirosedf40.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/intel_edison_arduinobreakout.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/intel_edison_minibreakout-bottom.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/intel_edison_minibreakout.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/jlpcb-089.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/jlpcb-104.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/jlpcb-128.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/lcd-GDM1602K.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led-rgb-4pin-anode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led-rgb-4pin-anode_rbg.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led-rgb-4pin-cathode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led-rgb-4pin-cathode_rbg.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led-rgb-6pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led_flux_blue_anode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led_flux_blue_cathode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led_flux_rgb_anode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led_flux_rgb_cathode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/lightblue-bean-shield_two_layer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/linino_dogUSB(01).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/linino_dogrj45(01).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/linino_one(rev1).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/lm34.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/lm35.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/lm358.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/loudspeaker.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/microSD-socket-molex-502774-0891.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/microSD_Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/microphone.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/miniBreadboard.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/mp3-trigger-v22.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/optocoupler.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/peltier element.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/piezo sensor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pinoccio-proto.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pinoccio.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/core/pot-slider.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pot_big.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pot_trimmer_12mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pot_trimmer_6mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/proto_shield_v6MEGA.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pushbutton_2_horizontal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pushbutton_4_horizontal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/quadstep-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/raspberrypi-b+-pcb-shape.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/raspberrypi-pcb-shape.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/raspio_duino.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/reedSwitch_500mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/resistor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/resistor_5band.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/resonator-2pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/resonator-3pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/rfid-reader.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/screw_terminal_2_100mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/screw_terminal_2_200mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/screw_terminal_2_3.5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/screw_terminal_2_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/screwshield-v15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/seeed_arch_pro_v1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/seeed_arch_v1.1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/seeed_grove_3axis_digital_accelerometer_16g.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/seeed_grove_4digit_display.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/seeed_grove_button.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/seeed_grove_buzz.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/seeed_grove_infrared_emitter.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/seeed_grove_infrared_receiver.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/seeed_grove_light_sensor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/seeed_grove_oled_128x96.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/seeed_grove_temperature_sensor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/seeed_seeeduino_v3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/servo.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sim908-sim908.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/smd-YC164.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sodaq_mbili_rev4 (4).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/solenoid.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkcore-pcb-shape.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-556-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-74hc4051_mux-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-74hc4052-dip.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-74hc4052-so.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-74vhc4052_analog_mux-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-acs712-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-ad5330-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-ad725-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-ad7302-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-ad7745-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-ad7781-cruz.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-ad7781-crz.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-ad8397-epad-epad.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-ad9835-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-as3400-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-dac_mcp4725-sot.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-ht8950-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-lm358-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-lm386-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-lm393-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-lmv324-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-lmv358-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-lt1014-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-ltc6244-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-max323-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-max6675-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-mcp41xxx-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-mcp42xxx-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-msgeq7-soic.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-mux-74hc4067-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-mux-ts3a5017-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-ne555-d.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-ne555-p.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-opa344-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-opamp-dual-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-opamp-dual-u.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-pcm1803-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-sv74lv4052apwr-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-sv74lv4052apwr-2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-tvp5150-ntsc_decoder-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-analogic-x9015_digi_pot-s.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-boards-wiz811mj-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-boards-xport-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-boards-xport-direct-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-boards-xport-direct-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-50-pin-centronics-f-female.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-50-pin-centronics-m-male.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-atx24-rh.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-audio-jack-2.5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-audio-jack-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-audio-jack-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-audio-jack-smd2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-audio-jack-special_pogo_pins.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-audio-jack2-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-audio-jack2-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-avr_mini_prog-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-avr_spi_prg_6-2x3_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-avr_spi_prg_6-ns.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-avr_spi_prg_6-offset_pads.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-avr_spi_prg_6-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-avr_spi_prog-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-avr_spi_prog2-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-avr_spi_prog2-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-banana_conn-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-bc9vpc-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-bnc-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-computer-peripheral-power-ra.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-computer-peripheral-power-vertical.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-db25-d.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-db25-h.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-db25-hp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-db25-v.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-db25-vb.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-db25-vp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-db9-female.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-db9-male.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-din7-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-ds_touch_connector-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-eb-85a-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-em406-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-em408_con-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-f25-d.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-f25-h.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-f25-hp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-f25-v.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-f25-vb.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-f25-vp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-ftdi_basic-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-ipod_connector_female-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-ipod_connector_male-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-kent_lcd_conn-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-little_bits_conn-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-littlebits_female-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-littlebits_male-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m01--smtso-256-et.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m01-offset.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m01-smd-4.5x1.5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m01-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m01-smtra-256-8-6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m01-snap-female.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m01-snap-male.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m02--jst-2-pth-no_silk.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m02--jst-2mm-smt.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m02-3.5mm_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m02-4ucon-15767.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m02-jst-pth-2-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m02-jst-pth-2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m02-polar_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m02-rocker.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m02-spring-2.54-ra.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m03-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m03-jst-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m03-polar_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m03-screw_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m03-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m04-jst-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m04-polar_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m04-screw_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m04-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m04-smd2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m05-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m05-smd2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m05x2-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m05x2-ra.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m05x2-raf.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m05x2-shd_smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m06-1x06-smd_edge_female.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m06-em406.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m06-polar_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m06-ra.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m06-ra_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m06-smd-female-v2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m06-smd-straight-alt.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m06-smd-straight-combo.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m06-smd-straight.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m06-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m06-smdf.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m08-bm08b-srss-tb.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m08-smd-combo.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m08-smd-straight-alt.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m08-smd-straight.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m10-2mmsmd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m10x2-2x10_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m10x2-special.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m11-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m11-smd_no_holes.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m12-machine-pin_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m16-machiine-pin_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-m40-offset.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-magjack-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-magjack-2-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-magjack-poe-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-midi_conn_female-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-midi_conn_female_support-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-mini-din6-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-mma_accel_connector-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-obdii-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-pic-icsp-mini-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-pic-icsp-polar_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-pic-icsp-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-power_jack-combo.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-power_jack-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-power_jack-pth_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-power_jack-slt.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-power_jack-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-psp_connector-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-psp_touch_connector-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-rca--lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-rca-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-rj11-6-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-rj45-8-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-rj9-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-screenkeymatingconnector-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-sd_card_socket-4ucon.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-simholder-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-simholder2-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-simholder3-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-sma_edge-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-smartcard-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-starboard_gnd--small.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-starboard_gnd--small2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-starboard_gnd--wide.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-starboard_gnd-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-starboard_pwr--tall.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-starboard_pwr--wide.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-touch-screen-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-u.fl-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb--a-h.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb--a-s.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb--a-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb--b-s.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb--jst-2mm-smt.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb--mb-h.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb--microb.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb--smd-ns.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb-minib--5pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb-old.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb-pcb.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb-pth-vertical.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb-usb-a-s-nosilk.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb_ab-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb_microb_plug--pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb_microb_plug--pth2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb_microb_plug--smt.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb_microb_plug-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usb_shield-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usd-socket-new.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-usd-socket-usd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-watn001002bf-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-xlr3_ncfah2-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-zifsocket-28-3-ziffsocket-28-3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-zifsocket-40-6-dil40-6-zif_socket.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-connectors-zune_connector_male-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74_08-se.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74_157-fk.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74_157-n.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74_157-so.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74_32-se.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74_595-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74_595-d.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74_595-fk.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74_595-n.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74act125d-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74ahc1g08-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74hc04_hex_inverter-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-74lvc138ad-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-a6282--es.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-a6282--lp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-at25fs010-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-at45db041b-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-at45db041b-wide.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-at45db161d-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-atmega128--smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-atmega128-_smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-atmega168-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-atmega168-mlf.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-atmega2560-au.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-atmega32u4-qfn.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-atmega32u4-qfn2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-atmega8u2-au.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-attiny13-dip.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-attiny13-soic.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-attiny24-qfn.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-attiny45-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-attiny45-dip8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-avr-mega8--ai.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-avr-mega8--mi.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-avr-mega8-p-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-avr-mega8-p-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-avr-mega8-p-sim.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-avr-mega8-p-zif_socket.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-cp2103_usb_uart-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-cp210x_usb_uart-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-cy7c64215-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-dosonchip-ic-lqfp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-dosonchip-ic-qfn.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-dosonchip-ic-qfn_alt1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-dspic30f4011-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-dspic30f4011-dil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-dspic30f6015-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-dspic33fj256gp710-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-eeprom-i2c-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-enc28j60-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-ep2c8_pq208-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-ft2232d-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-ft232rl-basic-ssop.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-ft232rl-ssop.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-ft232rq-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-ft245rl-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-hef4543-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-hex_converter-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-icl3232-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-inverter-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-inverter-__.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-inverting_schmitt_trigger-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-isd1900-isd1932.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-lpc2103-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-lpc213x-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-m74hc238-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-m93c46-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-max232-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-max232-soic16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-max3421e-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-max485-dil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-max7219-dip.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-max7456-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-max7456-groundpad.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-mbed_nxp_lpc1768-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-mc9s12xs64-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-mcp130-sot.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-mcp2551-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-nand256-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-nc7wz07-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-ncp303lsn09-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-p8x32a-q44-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pca9306-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pcf8575c-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pic16f688-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pic16f88-dip-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pic16f88-ssop-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pic16f883-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pic16f913-soic28.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pic18f2455-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pic18f2550-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pic24fxxxdax06-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pic24hj32gp202-dip.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pic24hj32gp202-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pic32mx440f512h-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-pl-2303xa-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-rs485-soic.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-rs485_sp491-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-sc16is750-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-scantool-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-sn74hc251-_smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-sn74lvc1g08-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-speakjet-dip.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-speakjet-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-spi_flash-x25xx-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-spi_flash-x25xx-smd1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-stm811-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-stp16cp05-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-stw5093-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-tc7su04f-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-tja1040-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-tlc5940--nt.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-tlc5940--rhb.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-tlc5940-pwp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-ubw32_pic32mx4xxl-tqfp100.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-um-fpu_v3_1-dil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-um-fpu_v3_1-so.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-unbuffered_inverter-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-usb3318-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-vs1000-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-vs1002-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-vs1033-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-vs1103-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-w5100-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-ws2801-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-wtv020sd-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-xc3s250_500e-pq208-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-xmega-100-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-xmega-a3--au.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-xr2206-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-digitalic-xs1_l1_64lqfp-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-bav99-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-bc847pn-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-cnz1120-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-1n4148_v2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-hv_v2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-pth_v2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-schottky-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-sma-alt.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-sma-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-sma.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-smb.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-sod.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-sod523.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-sot23.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-zener--bzt52.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-zener-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-zener-smb.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-gp1a57hr-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-ild213t-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-irf7507-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-mmbz27vclt1-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-mmdt3904-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-moc3031-m-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-mosfet-nchannel-fdd8580.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-mosfet-nchannel-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-mosfet-nchannel-pth2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-mosfet-nchannel-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-mosfet-nchannel-soic8-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-mosfet-nchannel-sot323.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-mosfet-pchannel-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-mosfet-pchannel-soic8-soic8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-nds8434-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-opto_darl_6n138s-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-tcmt1103-opto-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-transistor_npn-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-transistor_npn-sot23-3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-transistor_npn-sot23.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-transistor_npn-sot89.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-transistor_npn-to-92-ammo.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-transistor_npn-to92.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-transistor_npn_2-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-transistor_pnp-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-transistor_pnp-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-transistor_pnp-to92.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-triac-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-triac-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-tvs-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-v-reference-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-v18za2p-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-varistor--0402.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-varistor--0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-discretesemi-xn04312-sot.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-7-segment-4digit-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-7-segment-4digit-for_pogobed_only.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-7-segment-4digit-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-7-segment-4digit-youngsun-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-7-segment-4digit-youngsun-longpads.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-7-segment-display-1_-red-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-7-segment-display-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-alphanumeric-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-lcd-16x2-8x2-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-lcd-16x2-8x2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-lcd-16x2-noholes.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-lcd-16x2-nosilk.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-lcd-16x2-silk.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-lcd-g12864-bare.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-lcd-g12864-full.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-lcd_backlight_pads-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-lcd_cfax-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-displays-nokia6100_lcd-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-6400bg_heatsink-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-ayz0202-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-1100.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-12mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-12pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-20mm_4legs.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-20pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-20pth2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-20smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-245mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-245pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-aa-panel.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-fob.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-button-conductive-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-button-conductive-smd-0.1_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-button-conductive-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-button-magnetic-10mm-female.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-button-magnetic-10mm-male.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-button-magnetic-18mm-female.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-button-magnetic-18mm-male.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buttonpad-2x2--special.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buttonpad-2x2-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buttonpad-2x2single-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buttonpad-2x2single-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buttonpad-4x4-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buttonpad-4x4-special.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buzzer-ns.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buzzer-pth-ns-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buzzer-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buzzer-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buzzer-smd2-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buzzer-smd2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-buzzer-smd3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-capsense_pad-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-encoder-quadrature-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-encoder_2led-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-encoder_rgb_ca-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-fkit-coin_cell-lir2450-h.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-fkit-ribbon_connector--2mm_l_rev2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-fkit-ribbon_connector--2mm_r_rev2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-fkit-snap_connector--female.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-fkit-snap_connector--male.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-g3vm-61e1-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-joystick-psp1000-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-joystick-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-joystick_mini-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-lipo-outline-100.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-lipo-outline-1100.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-lipo-outline-2000.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-magnet-18mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-motor-10mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-n35p112-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-nav_switch-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-pot--rv16af-20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-pot-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-pot-100k_3362u.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-pot-mam.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-pot-trim.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-pot_switch-pot_pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-pot_switch-pot_pth_switch.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-relay-2-g5q.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-relay-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-relay-pth2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-relay-pth3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-relay-pth4.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-relay-solidstate-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-slider-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-speaker-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-stand-off-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-stand-off-tight.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-sw_dip-2-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-sw_dip-8-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-4pdt-cnk_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-dpdt-eg2211.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-dpdt-es.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-dpdt-gpi.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-dpdt-os.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-dpdt-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-dpdt-pth1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-dpdt-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-momentary-2--smd-1101ne.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-momentary-2-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-momentary-2-12mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-momentary-2-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-momentary-2-pth_reed.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-momentary-2-pth_reed2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-momentary-2-smd-2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-momentary-2-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-sp3t-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-spdt--smd-a.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-spdt-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-spdt-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-spdt-pth2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-spdt-pth3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-spdt-pth_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-spdt-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-spdt-smd2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-spst-2-ra.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch-spst-2-tv.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-switch_spdt-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-tac_switch-ksa_sealed.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-tac_switch-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-tac_switch-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-trackball-mech.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-trimpot--2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-trimpot--pth-knob.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-trimpot-3362u-2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-trimpot-3mm-2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-trimpot-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-trimpot-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-trimpot-trimpot-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-electromechanical-trimpot-trimpot_pth_s3_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-crystal-10.5x4.8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-crystal-32-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-crystal-5x3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-crystal-epsonmc146.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-crystal-hc49us.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-crystal-hc49uv.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-crystal-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-crystal-tc26h.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-crystal-tc38h.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-ds1077-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-ds1307-so8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-ds3234-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-oscillator-5x3-pin1-indicated.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-oscillator-5x3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-oscillator-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-oscillator-smd6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-resonator-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-resonator-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-resonator-wide-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-resonator_nocap-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-freqctrl-sit8002-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-WS2812.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-apa3010sf4c-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-led--fkit-1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-led-0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-led-10mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-led-1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-led-tricolor-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-led_bargraph_10-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-led_ring-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-lightpipe-7511-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-lte-302-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-luxeon-rebel-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-led-luxeon-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-0402-cap.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-0603-cap.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-1210.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-asmd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-pth1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-pth2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-pth3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_adj-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-1206-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-3528-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-3528.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-6032.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-7343.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-c.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-d.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-e.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-en_j2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-f80.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-g.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-h13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-pth1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-pth2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-pth3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-pth4.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-cap_pol-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-fb-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-fuse-x20mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-gnd_connect-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor--.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor--b82462g.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-..fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-0402.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-1007.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-1210.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-cr54-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-cr54.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-cr75.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-cr75_v2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-h_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-npi75.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-pwr.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-sru1038.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-inductor-sru5028.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-jumper-2-old-smd-nc.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-jumper-2-old-smd-no.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-jumper-2-smd-nc.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-jumper-2-smd-no-ns.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-jumper-2-smd-no.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-jumper-3-1-2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-jumper-3-2-3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-jumper-3-old-1-2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-jumper-3-old-2-3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-jumper-3-old-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-jumper-3-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-resistor-2010smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-resistor-2512smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-resistor-array-0603-arv.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-rpack_--bussed-sip-pth-5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper-nc.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper-nc2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper-no.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper-old-nc.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper-old-nc2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper-old-no.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper-old-trace.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper-trace.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper_2way-old-paste1_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper_2way-old-paste2_3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper_2way-old-s.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper_2way-old-t.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper_2way-old-w.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper_2way-paste1_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper_2way-paste2_3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper_2way-s.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper_2way-t.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-solderjumper_2way-w.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-test-point-2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-test-point-3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-passives-test-point-3x5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-a4983-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-adm1087-sc-70.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-bd10ka5wf-e2-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-bq24022-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-dc-dc_converter-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-hv826mg_backlight-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-l298-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-l298-heatsink.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-l298_bridge_driver-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-l6470-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-lm2621-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-lm2931-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-lm2931_fixed-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-lm3480im4-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-lm4128-2.5vref-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-lm4871-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-lm5007-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-lm5574-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-lmd1820x-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-lmz14203-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-lt1528-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-ltc3588-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-max1555-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-max1704x-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-max98300-eta_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-max98306-etd_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-mc34063-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-mcp73831-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-mcp73833-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-mcp7384xx-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-mic2571-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-njm2670-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-pq1cy1032z-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-ptc-0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-ptc-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-ptc-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-spx29302-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-sta540-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-sta540-w_6400bg_heatsink.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-sta540-w_yb324g_heatsink.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-tb6621fng-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-tps61200-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-tps6211_-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-tps6214x-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-transformer-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-transformer-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-uln2803-dip.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-uln2803-soic.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-uln2803-soicw.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_317-dpack.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_317-sink.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_317-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_78xx--to-220.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_78xx-side.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_78xx-sink.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_78xx-to-92.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_ld1085-d2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_ld1117vxx-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_ldo-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_ldo-smd2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_lm1117-sot223.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_mc33269-dt.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_mic2920-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_mic5216-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_mic5219-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_mic5235-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_ncp1400-sot23-5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_ncp50x-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_tps61040-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-v_reg_tps76433-sot23-5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-vnh2sp30-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-poweric-zxld1360-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-alm-1412-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-antenna-smd1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-antenna2-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-antenna2-smd2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-antenna2-smd3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-antenna2-smd5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-antenna2-smd6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-atmega128rfa1-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-balun-0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-bgb203_bluetooth-old.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-bgb203_bluetooth-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-blueradio_br-c40a-bas.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-blueradio_br-c40n-bas.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-blueradio_br-c40n-int2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-blueradio_br-c40n-internal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-blueradio_br-c40n-sfe.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-bluetooth-rn41-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-btm182-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-copernicus-dip-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-copernicus-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-d2523t-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-ebm001-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-em406_outline-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-em408_outline-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-et312-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-ge863_gps-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-ge864-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-ge865-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-ge865_2-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-gm862-gm862_connector.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-gm862-gnd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-gp-2106-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-gr-10-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-gs1011-gs1011mxx.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-gs406smd-mating_smd____special.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-gs406smd-socket.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-id-12_20-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-id-12_20-id-12_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-id-12_20-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-lassen_iq_gps-lassen.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-ls20126-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-mirf-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-mlx90121-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-mn5010hs-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-mn5010hs-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-nrf2401a-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-nrf24ap1-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-nrf24l01-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-nrf24le1-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-nrf24lu1-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-nrf24z1-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-ns73m-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-rf-link_rx-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-rf-link_tx-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-rf24g-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-rfm22-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-rmcm01-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-rn-131g-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-rn171-rn171.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-rs9110-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-si4700-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-si470x-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-sm130-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-sm5100b-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-sma661as-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-sup500f-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-tfm-511p-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-trf-24g-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-venus634-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-venus638flpx-l-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-wifly_gsx-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-wlanmodule-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-wt32-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-xbee-1-b1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-xbee-1-b2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-xbee-1-b3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-xbee-1-xbee-1_lock.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-xtend-digi-modem-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-rf-zg2100m-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-admp401-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-admp421-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-adns2610-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-adxl180-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-adxl193-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-adxl330-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-adxl335-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-adxl345-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-adxrsxxx-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-at42qt1012-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-bma180-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-bmp085-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-camera_cmos_con-plug.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-camera_cmos_con-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-cma3000-a01-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-cma3000-d01-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-dcm01-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-fc30-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-gas_sensor-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-geiger_tube-lnd712.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hall-effect-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hdjd-s822-qr999-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hdjd-s822-qr999-withpic.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hih-4030-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hmc1041z-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hmc1051z-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hmc1051z-2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hmc1052l-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hmc5843-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hmc5883l-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hmc6042-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hmc6343-a.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-hmc6352-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-idg1215--1215.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-idg300-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-idg500-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-imu3000-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-irreceiver-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-isl29102-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-isz500-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-itg-3200-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-ixz500-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-l3g4200d-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-lis302dl-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-lis331-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-lis3lv02dq-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-lisy300al-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-lm34-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-load_cell-1x03-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-lsm303dlh-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-ltr-301-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-ly530al-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-lypr540ah-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-mag3110-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-mcp9700-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-mic-9.7mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-mic-electret_smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-mlx90609-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-mlx90614-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-mma7260-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-mma7361-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-mma8452q-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-mpl115a-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-mpl3115a2-lga8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-mpr121-qfn20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-os4000-t-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-photocell-pth-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-photocell-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-qrb1114-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-qrd1114-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-qre1113-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-sca1000-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-sca3000-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-scp1000_d01-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-scp1000_d01-smd2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-sht1x-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-si1120-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-solar-ixys--.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-solar-ixys-_.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-spm0204ud5-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-st-gyro-pr-lga.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-st-gyro-pr-lga28.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-st-gyro-py-smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-tcm8240md-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-temperature-sensor-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-temt6000-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-tmp102-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-tmp36-gt9.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-tmp36-to-92-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-touch-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-touch-2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-transchiptc5747-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun-sensors-vcnl4000-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/sparkfun_storage_microsd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/stepper_motor_bipolar.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/stepper_motor_unipolar.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/stereo-jack-3_5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/stereo_jack__PG203J__3.5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/teensy_3.1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/thermalprinter.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/thermistor_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/tinyBreadboard.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/tmp36.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/transistor_signal_NPN_TO92_CBE.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/transistor_signal_NPN_TO92_EBC.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/transistor_signal_NPN_TO92_ECB.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/transistor_signal_PNP_TO92_CBE.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/transistor_signal_PNP_TO92_EBC.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/transistor_signal_PNP_TO92_ECB.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/trimmer_2_1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/trimmer_2_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/trimmer_2_2_hole.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/trimmer_3_1_v.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/trimmer_3_2_v_hole.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/trimmer_3_3_p.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/trimmer_3_4_p.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/trimmer_smd1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/trimmer_smd2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/tsop312.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/uM_FPUv2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/uM_FPUv3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/udoo_dual.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/usbadapter_wiring.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/voltage_regulator_7805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/voltage_regulator_7833.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/voltage_regulator_lm317.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ws2812b.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/xbee.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/xbee_realsize.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/xbeeshield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/AD5206 Digital Potentiometer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino Ethernet Shield.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino Fio.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino LilyPad.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino Mini Pro.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino Mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino Nano.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino Nano3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino Nano_v30.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino-Fio-v22.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino_ADK_MEGA_2560-Rev3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino_Leonardo_Rev3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino_MEGA_2560-Rev3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino_Micro_Rev03.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Arduino_UNO_R3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Atmega_168_TQFP32.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Battery block 9V.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Generic female header - metal rounded.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Generic female header.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Generic male header.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-blue-5mm (2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-blue-5mm (3).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-blue-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-blue-5mm_t1.75.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-green-5mm (2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-green-5mm (3).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-green-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-green-5mm_t1.75.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-red-5mm (2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-red-5mm (3).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-red-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-red-5mm_t1.75.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-white-5mm (2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-white-5mm (3).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-white-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-white-5mm_t1.75.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-yellow-5mm (2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-yellow-5mm (3).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-yellow-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-yellow-5mm_t1.75.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LilyPad-Simple-v22.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Lilypad_PowerSupply-v16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Optocoupler_TLP621.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/PowerSupply-Lipo-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/RFM12b_HopeRF_Transceiver.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/RFM12b_HopeRF_old_Transceiver.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/RJ45_TRXCOM.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Raspberry_Pi(rev1).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Raspberry_Pi(rev2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Raspberry_Pi.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Rotary_Encoder.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_AD5206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_blue_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_blue_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_blue_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_green_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_green_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_green_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_red_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_red_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_red_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_white_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_white_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_white_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_yellow_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_yellow_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_yellow_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_mega2560.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Screw terminal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Screw terminal_3_5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SparkFun___Breakout_Board_for_microSD_Transflash_v4__0b0c87ce0a9414b7db3b2898baf3a987.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/TI Launchpad MSP430G2__ebb2b2673b63f5dd6fb32b9685c74b9e.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/accelerometer-adxl.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/arduino-mega-r3-shield_two_layer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/arduino-shield_two_layer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/arduino.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/arduino_Uno_Rev3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/arduino_Yun(rev1).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/arduino_mega.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/artreeno.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/atmega168.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/avr_isp_10_pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic-diode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_ldr.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_poti.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_pushbutton.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_pushbutton_2lead_horizon.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_servo.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_thermistor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_transistor_npn.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_transistor_pnp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/battery-AA.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/big_pot.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_0_1nF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_0_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_1nF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_47nF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_disk_0_01uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_disk_0_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_disk_1pF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_disk_220pF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_disk_22pF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_tantalum_0_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_tantalum_100uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_tantalum_10uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_tantalum_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/ceramic_capacitor_0_01uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/ceramic_capacitor_22pf.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/ceramic_capacitor_basic_0_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/controller_arduino_diecimila.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/crystal (2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/crystal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/dc_motor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/diode_1N4001_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/diode_zener_0_5w_3_6v_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/diode_zener_1w_4_7v_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_1000uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_100uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_10uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_220uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_22uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_4700uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_470uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_47uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_basic_10uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_4.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_7.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_9.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_4.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_7.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_9.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_4.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_7.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_9.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/inductor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/lcd-screen.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/led-rgb-4pin-anode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/led-rgb-6pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part4.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part7.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part9.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pcb-plain-100x160.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pcb-plain-150x200.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pcb-plain-200x300.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pcb-plain-250x250.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pcb-plain-60x100.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pcb-plain-75x100.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pot-slider.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pot-small.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pot-small2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pot_trimmer_6mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/reed switch.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_100.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_100_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_100k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_100k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_10_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_10k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_10k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_150.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_150_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_150k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_150k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_15_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_15k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_15k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_1M.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_1M_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_1_5k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_1_5k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_1k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_1k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_22.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_220.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_220_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_220k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_220k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_22_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_22k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_22k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_27k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_27k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_2_2k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_2_2k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_33.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_330.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_330_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_330k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_330k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_33_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_33k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_33k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_3_3k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_3_3k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_47.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_470.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_470_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_470k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_470k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_47_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_47k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_47k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_4_7k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_4_7k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_68.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_680.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_680_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_680k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_680k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_68_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_68k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_68k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_6_8k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_6_8k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resonator-2pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resonator-3pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-1n4148.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-hv.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/sparkfun-discretesemi-diode-pth.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-2-aa.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-2-aaa.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-aa-kit.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/sparkfun-electromechanical-battery-aaa.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/sparkfun-passives-resistor-0402-res.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/sparkfun-passives-resistor-2010.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/sparkfun-passives-resistor-2512.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/sparkfun-sensors-qrb1114-.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/starter-poti-small.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/stepper_motor_bipolar.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/stepper_motor_unipolar.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/stereo-jack-3_5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/thermistor_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/transistor_signal_NPN_TO92.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/transistor_signal_PNP_TO92.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/trimpot_meggitt_pih.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/875fzpzs.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/bbhack.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/checkResources.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/checkascii.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/checkcase.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/checkcopies.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/checkcopyright.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/checkino.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/checksvnkywds.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/cleanschem.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/connectors_misnumbered.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/copper1fzp.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/copper1svg.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/copperNoSilkscreen.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/coppersvgparent.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/copyif.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/droid.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/fa_clearemptypathsfromcopper.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/findfonts.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/findsvgunits.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/fixino.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/footprintgrid.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/fpgrabber.bat
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/fpgrabber.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/fzpzclean.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/fzzrename.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/genmoduleidfzphash.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/getboardsize.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/grep.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/invisibleconnectors.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/listModuleIDs.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/listfamilies.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/listpropnames.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/multifind.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/oldfamily.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/pathNoText.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/props2csv.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/renamefz.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/replace.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/replacedby.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/resetversion.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/schem2csv.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/schemmatch.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/schemobs.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/schemobscopy.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/strokenostrokewidth.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/svgNoLayer.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/svnremove.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/syncconnectors.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/tagsmd.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/thtsmd.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/unusedsvgs.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/unzeroradius.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/version.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/misc_scripts/version4.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/README
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/configs/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/configs/arduino-pcb.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/configs/basic-resistor-025-svg.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/configs/basic-resistor-025.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/configs/dip_cfg.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/configs/mystery_part_cfg.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/configs/pin_header_cfg.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/configs/screw_terminal_cfg.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/configs/sip_cfg.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/deleteme/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/deleteme/bread/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/deleteme/bread/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/deleteme/config/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/deleteme/config/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/deleteme/fzp/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/deleteme/fzp/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/deleteme/pcb/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/deleteme/pcb/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/deleteme/schem/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/deleteme/schem/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/dip.bat
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/mystery_part.bat
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/output/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/output/breadboard/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/output/breadboard/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/output/icon/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/output/icon/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/partomatic.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/pin_header.bat
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/screw_terminal.bat
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/sip.bat
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/arduino-pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/basic-resistor.fzp-save
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/basic-resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/dip.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/dip.fzp-save
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/dip_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/dip_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/dip_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/generic-female-header-rounded.fzp-save
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/generic-female-header-rounded_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/generic-female-header.fzp-save
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/generic-female-header_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/generic-female-header_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/generic-male-header.fzp-save
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/generic-male-header_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/generic-male-header_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/jumper_3.5mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/jumper_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/mystery_part.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/mystery_part.fzp-save
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/mystery_part_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/mystery_part_dual_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/mystery_part_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/pin_header.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/screw_terminal.fzp-save
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/screw_terminal_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/screw_terminal_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/screw_terminal_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/sip.fzp-save
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/sip_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/cheetah scripts/templates/sip_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/dilPackageGenerator/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/dilPackageGenerator/DilPackageGenerator.tmproj
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/dilPackageGenerator/defaults.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/dilPackageGenerator/dilpackage_fzp.tmpl
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/dilPackageGenerator/dilpackage_icon_svg.tmpl
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/dilPackageGenerator/dilpackage_schematic_svg.tmpl
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/dilPackageGenerator/dilpackage_svg.tmpl
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/dilPackageGenerator/generator.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/footgen/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/footgen/footgen.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/footgen/footprint.pdf
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/footgen/footprint.sch
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/footgen/footprintdata
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/footgen/params.pdf
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/footgen/params.sxw
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fp2fzfp/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fp2fzfp/README
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fp2fzfp/fp2fzfp.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fp2fzfp/pcbkeys.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fp2fzfp/svggen.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fullbreadboardgenerator/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fullbreadboardgenerator/breadboardGenerator.tmproj
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fullbreadboardgenerator/breadboard_fzp.tmpl
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fullbreadboardgenerator/breadboard_svg.tmpl
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fullbreadboardgenerator/documentation/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fullbreadboardgenerator/documentation/breadboard_generator.html
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fullbreadboardgenerator/documentation/resources/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fullbreadboardgenerator/documentation/resources/breadboard_diagram.png
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fullbreadboardgenerator/documentation/resources/breadboard_photo.jpg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fullbreadboardgenerator/documentation/resources/guide_style.css
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/fullbreadboardgenerator/generator.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/genAllParts.bat
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/genAllParts.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/resistorSetGenerator/
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/resistorSetGenerator/ResistorSetGeneratorProject.tmproj
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/resistorSetGenerator/bin_fzb.tmpl
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/resistorSetGenerator/defaults.cfg
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/resistorSetGenerator/resistorSetGenerator.py
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/resistorSetGenerator/resistor_breadboard_svg.tmpl
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/resistorSetGenerator/resistor_fzp.tmpl
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/resistorSetGenerator/resistor_icon_svg.tmpl
share/fritzing/parts/part-gen-scripts/obsolete/resistorSetGenerator/valuesAndColors_forResistors.py
share/fritzing/parts/parts.db
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/0402-cap.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/0402-res.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/0603-cap.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/0603-res.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1007.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1210.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1X20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x01.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x02.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x03-1mm-ra.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x03.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x04-1mm-ra.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x04.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x05-1mm-ra.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x05.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x06-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x06.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x07.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x09.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/2X08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/50-pin-centronics-f.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/50-pin-centronics-m.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/78xx.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/BATTCON_12MM_PTH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/BATTCON_20MM_4LEGS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/BLUETOOTH-INTERNAL-FP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/BLUETOOTH-INTERNAL-FP2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/DUEMILANOVE_SHIELD_NOHOLES.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/GS1011MXX.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/HDJD-S822-QR999.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/LC-04B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/MA08-2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/NOKIA6100_LCD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/PUSHBUTTON-KMR241GLFS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/SCREWTERM-3.5-2PINS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/SCREWTERM-3.5-3PINS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-2_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/SFE-LOGO-FLAME.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/SFE-NEW-WEB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/SFE-NEW-WEBLOGO.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/STEREOJACK2.5MM_STEREOJACK2.5MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/TUXGR_16X2_R2_OVAL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/USB-A-S-NOSILK-FEMALE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/admp401.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/admp421.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/adns2610.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/antenna-chip4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/atari_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/atx24_right_angle.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/audio-jack-3.5mm-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/audio-jack.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/avr_mini_prog.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ayz0202.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/b3f-10xx.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/b82462g.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/balun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/banana_conn.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/battcon_12mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/battcon_20mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/battcon_245mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/battcon_245mm_pth.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/battery-aa-panel.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/battery-aaa.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/blueradio_br-c40a.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/blueradio_br-c40n.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/bm08b-srss-tb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/button-10mm-female.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/button-10mm-male.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/button-18mm-female.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/button-18mm-male.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/button-conductive-0.1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/button-conductive-mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/button-conductive.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/buttonpad-2x2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/buttonpad-4x4-special.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/buttonpad-4x4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/buzzer-12mm-ns-kit.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/buzzer-12mm-ns.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/buzzer-12mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/buzzer-ccv.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/buzzer-cmt1102.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/buzzer-cmt1603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/c0402.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/camera_cmos_con.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/camera_cmos_plug.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/camera_sfv24r-2st_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/capsense_pad.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/cdrh125.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/cdrh2d09.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/cdrh3d28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/cnz1120.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/cooper_up4b.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/copernicus.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/cr54.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/cr75.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/cr75_v2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ctz3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/d2523t.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/db9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/db9_male.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/din7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ds_touch_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/duemilanove_shield.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/eb-85a.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/eg2211.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/eia3216.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/eia3528.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/eia6032.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/eia7343.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/em406-chip.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/em406.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/em408_con.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/em408_outline.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/emb001.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/encoder_led_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/encoder_led_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/es.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/et312.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/f25d.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ffc26.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ffc_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/fkit-led-1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/fkit-lir2450-h.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/fkit-ribbon_connector_03_2mm_l.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/fkit-ribbon_connector_03_2mm_r.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/fkit-snap_female.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/fkit-snap_male.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ftdi_basic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/g3vm-61e1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ge863.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ge864.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ge865.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ge865_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/geiger_tube.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/gm862.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/gm862_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/gp-2106.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/gp1a57hr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/gr-10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/grm43d.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/gs406-mating_smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/gs406smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/hmc1041z.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/hmc1051z3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/hmc1051z_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/id-12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/id-12_lock.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/inductor-1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ipod_female_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ipod_male_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/iscp-header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/joystick-psp1000.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/joystick.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/joystick_mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/jst-2-pth.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/jst-2-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/jst-3-pth.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/jst-3-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/lassen_iq_gps.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/lcd-16x2_nosilk.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/lcd_backlight_pads.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/lcd_cfax.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ld1085-d2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ldr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/led-0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/led-1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/led-tricolor-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/led_led_ring.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/led_ring.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/lga8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/lightpipe-7511.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/little_bits_female.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/little_bits_male.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/lpen-7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ls20126.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/luxeon-rebel.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/luxeon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/m25d.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/m25h.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/magjack-poe.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/magjack.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/mic-9.7mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/mic_electret_smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/micro-b-ra-smt.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/micro-b-ra-th.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/micro-b-smt.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/micro-b-th.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/micro-sd-socket-pp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/mini-din6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/mn5010hs.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/mq-3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ms.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/mss22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/multiwatt15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/multiwatt15_6400bgheatsink.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/multiwatt15_yb324gheatsink.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/n35p112.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/nav_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/npi75c.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ns73m.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/obdii.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/odfn.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/os.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/os4000-t.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/pot-slider.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/pot_pth_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/power_jack_combo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/psp_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/psp_touch_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/r_sw_th.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/rca.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/rca_lock.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/relay-g5v-2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/relay-g5v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/relay-jzc.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/rfm22-xxx-s2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/rj11-6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/rj45-8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/rj9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/rmcm01.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/rn-131g.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/rn171.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/rn41.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/rs9110-n-11-22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/s4b-ph.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/scp1000-lg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/scp1000.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/screenkey-tft128.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/screenkeymatingconnector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/screwterminal-3.5mm-4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/screwterminal-3.5mm-5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/screwterminal-3.5mm-6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/screwterminal-3.5mm-8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/sdcard_4uconn.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/sfv24r-2st_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/sht1x.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/simholder.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/simholder2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/simholder3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/sm5100b.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/sma-diode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/sma-edge.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/smartcard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/smb-diode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/sod-323.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/solarbit-12x1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/spm0204ud5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/sru1038.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/sru5028.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/stereojack2.5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/stereojack2.5mm_smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/stereojack2.5mm_specia_pogopins.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/stereojack2.5mm_special_holes-only.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/sup500f.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/switch-4pdt-cnk.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/switch-sp3t-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/switch-spdt-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/switche-dpdt.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/tactile-pth-12mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/tactile-pth.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/tactile-switch-1101ne.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/tactile_switch_smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/tactile_switch_tall.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/tcm8240md.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/temt6000-sen.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/to-39.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/trf-24g-socket.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/trimpot-3mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/trimpot-5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/u.fl.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-a-h.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-a-pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-a-s-nosilk.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-a-s.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-ab-micro-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-b-pth.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-b-smt.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-mb-h.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-microb-plug.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-microb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-minib - Copy.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-minib-nostop.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-minib.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usd-socket-pp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/wifly_gsx.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/wiz811mj.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/wlanmodule.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/wt32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/xbee-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/xlr3_nc3fah2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/xport.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/xport_direct_module-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/xport_direct_module.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/xtend-digi-modem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/zg2100m.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/zune_connector_male.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/0402-CAP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/0402-RES.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/0603-CAP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/0603-res.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/10X03MTA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/10X03MTA_90.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/10X04MTA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X01_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X02_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X03_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X04_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X05_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X06_FEMALE_LOCK.010.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X06_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X06_STACK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X07_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X08_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X08_STACK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X09_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X10_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X16_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1X20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x01.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x02.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x03.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x04.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x05.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x06-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x06.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x07.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x08_smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x08_smd_alt.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x08_smd_combined.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x09.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/1x18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/2X03.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/2X08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/ALP_JOYSTICK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/AYZ0202.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/BUZZER-12MM-NS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/CHIPLED-0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/CON2_USB_MICRO_B_AT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/DC-21MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/EIA3216.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/LED-0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/LSP13.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/MCR-AB1-S-RA-SMT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/MIC-9.7MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/PANASONIC_D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/PETAL-LONG-1-2SIDE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/PN61729.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/PN87520-S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/POE-RJ45.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/RA3021-202.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/RGB-LED.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/S2B-PH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/SDCARD-15TW-8821.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/SMA-DIODE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/SMD_157SW.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/SOT223.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/SOT23-5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/SWITCH-SPST-SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/TACTILE-SMD-12MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/TACTILE_SWITCH_SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/TO-8_B10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/TO92.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/USB-MICROB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/c0402.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/rca-lock.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts2d/breadboard/usb-minib.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/seeed_arch_pro_v1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/seeed_arch_v1.1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/seeed_grove_3axis_digital_accelerometer_16g_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/seeed_grove_4digit_display_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/seeed_grove_button_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/seeed_grove_buzz_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/seeed_grove_infrared_emitter_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/seeed_grove_infrared_receiver_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/seeed_grove_light_sensor_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/seeed_grove_oled_128x96_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/seeed_grove_temperature_sensor_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/seeed_seeeduino_v3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/seeed_arch_pro_v1_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/seeed_arch_v1.1_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/seeed_grove_3axis_digital_accelerometer_16g_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/seeed_grove_4digit_display_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/seeed_grove_button_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/seeed_grove_buzz_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/seeed_grove_infrared_emitter_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/seeed_grove_infrared_receiver_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/seeed_grove_light_sensor_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/seeed_grove_oled_128x96_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/seeed_grove_temperature_sensor_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/seeed_seeeduino_v3_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/seeed_arch_pro_v1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/seeed_arch_v1.1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/seeed_grove_generic_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/seeed_seeeduino_v3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/schematic/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/schematic/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/schematic/seeed_arch_pro_v1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/schematic/seeed_arch_v1.1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/schematic/seeed_grove_generic_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/schematic/seeed_seeeduino_v3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/LICENSE.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/10x2-Epaper-Breakout-Board-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/11LC010_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/11LC020_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/11LC040_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/11LC080_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/11LC160_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/16-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/23LCV1024_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC01_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC02_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC04_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC08_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC1025_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC128_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC256_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC32_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC512_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC64_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC010_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC020_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC040_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC080_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC1024_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC128_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC160_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC256_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC320_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC512_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC640_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/3_Axis_Accelerometer_Breakout___MMA8452Q_BB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/555timerbreadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/5DOF-v25_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/6DOF-Digital-v10_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/7-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/74HC139N_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/74HC595 Shift Reg Breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/74HC595.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/7segment_100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/7segment_13.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/7segment_20,32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/7segment_56,9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/7segment_9,9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/9DoF-Stick-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/A4950_42.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ACS712 Low Current Sensor Board v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AD22100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AD22151.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AD5206_Digital_Potentiometer__1569b6e5e5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AD584.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AD654.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AD8210.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AD8226.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AD8541.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AD8561.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ADMP504.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ADP3300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ADTL082.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ADXL327.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ADXL335_v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ADXL345-BreakoutBoard-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AMPHENOL-ACJS-MHDR_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ATmega644c3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ATtiny85_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Adafruit_Atmega32u4_Breakout.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AlphaNumericDisplay-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Amplified-Mic-Electret-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Analog_Digital_MUX_Breakout_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ArduPilotMega_v15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino Nano3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino Voice Shield-v16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino-BLE-LowPower-RevB-final_5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino-Ethernet-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino-Fio-v22_bottom_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino-Fio-v22_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino-Mini-v5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ArduinoBluetoothMatev13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_ADK_MEGA_2560-Rev3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_DUE_V02b_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_Esplora_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_Ethernet_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_Leonardo_Rev3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_MEGA_2560-Rev3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_Micro_Rev03_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_Motor_Shield_rev3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_Pro_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_bt07_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Ardumoto v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2e.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2p24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2p40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2pe.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2px24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2sx.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BMP085 Breakout-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Barometric_Pressure_Sensor__2eaec138e035.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Basic_Force_Sensing_Resistor_(FSR)__a4ff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Battery_block_9V85_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Bean_revE_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Breadboard Power Supply - SMD v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Buzzer-v15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/CD4048B_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/CRYSTAL_-_kHz_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Color-LCD-Shield-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Color_Sensor_Breakout_ADJD_S311_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/DB25F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/DB25M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/DIP_Relay_D31A_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/DS1302_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/DS1307_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/DUO_LED_RG_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/DeadOn RTC - DS3234 Breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Digital_Panel_Meter__Voltage__DMS_20PC__.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Dual_VNH2SP30_Motor_Driver_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/EDGY_Analog_In_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/EDGY_motor_control.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/EasyDriver_v44_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/FRM010_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/FRM050_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/FT230XQ_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/FTDI Basic-v13_3.3v_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/FTDI Basic-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/FTDI Basic-v13_lily_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Fritzing icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Fritzing-donut-logo_breaboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Frode_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Fuse_with_Handler_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/GLCD_128x64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/GPSShield-v15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/GSM-Quectel_updateTID_2_v1.3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Gas_Sensor_Breakout-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/HCF_4067397.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/HCMS-29xxff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/HEF4094228f.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/HIH-4030_Breakout-v10_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/HMC5883L_Breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/HMC6352-v18_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/HTSSOP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Half_breadboard56a.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Humidity_Sensor_SHT15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Humidity_and_Temperature_Sensor_RHT03_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/IOIO-v15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/IR_Receiver_v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ISD1932 Breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ITG-3200-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Joystick-Breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Joystick_Shield-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/L293D_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/L3G4200D-Breakout-v10_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LED-3mm-red-leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LED-5mm-red-leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LED_Matrix_Kingbright_TX07-11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LED_Prolight_RGB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LICENSE.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LQFP-32_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LQFP-48_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LSM303 breakout board-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LeDeuligne1.1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Level-Converter-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LiPo-USB-Charger-v21_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad Battery-Connect-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad Coincell-Battery-v17_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad SimplePower-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-Accelerometer-v17_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-Button-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-Light Sensor-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-Simple-v25_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-Temp-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-XBee-v15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-slide-switch13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad_Arduino_USB_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad_LED-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Lilypad_PowerSupply-v18_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Lilypad_Vibe_Motor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/M5450_LED_Driver_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/MIDI Music Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/MIDI_Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/MP3 Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/MPR121-Breakout-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Mainboard-v18_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Mega_Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Memoire-1.0_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Modkit Shield-v1a_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/MonsterMoto-Shield-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/NCP1400_5V_Step-Up_v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Netduino.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/NetduinoMini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/NetduinoPlus.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/NetduinoPlus2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/New_Aries_28W_ZIF4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/OBD-II-UART-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/OP37.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/OP482.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Op Amp Breakout-v16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/OpenLog_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Optocoupler_TLP621_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PCF8574.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_08M_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_08_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_14M_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_18A_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_18M_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_18X_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_18_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_20M_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_20X2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_28A_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_28X1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_28X2_3V_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_28X2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_28X_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_28_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_40X1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_40X2_3V_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_40X2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_40X_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PIC_16F877A_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PWM-Shield-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Parallax_Propeller.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Peppermill_Power_Board__a40e6dc7c979bcff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Power Screwshield 1.0a_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PowerCell-v13.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PowerDriver-Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PowerIR-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PowerSupply-Lipo-v15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ProtoShield-Mini-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ProtoShield-v25_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Proto_shield_REV3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Pushbuttonc.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/QFN-20-0.4MM_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/QFN-24_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/QFN-28_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/QFN-32_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/QFN-36_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/QFN-64_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/RCA-Plug.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/RFID_USB_Reader-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/RFM12B_Transceiver_DIP_Package__581e0231.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/RFM12b_HopeRF_Transceiver.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/RGB_matrix_v25_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/RJ45_TRXCOM2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/RN41-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Real_Time_Clock_Module___DS1307_RTC_Brea.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Rotary_Encoder.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Rotoshield-1.0a_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Round_Pushbuttonba.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/S1133_Si_Photodiode_BB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SI4735 Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SN74HC14N_Schmitt_Trigger_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SN74LS14N_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SN74LS20N_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SN74LS21N_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SN74LS32N_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SN74LVC2G14DBVR_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SO-24W_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SO-28W_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SO08_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SO16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SO18W_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SO20W_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SOIC-14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SOIC18-W_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SPARKCORE_v1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SSM2212.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SSM2220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SSOP16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SSOP20_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SSOP24_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SSOP28DB_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SSOP48_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/STM32F103_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/STM32_Nucleo_board_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Shield_Eth06-PoE_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Si470x-Eval-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Stepper_Motor_Bipolar_breadboard_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Stepper_Motor_Unipolar_breadboard_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Stretch sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/TB6612FNG Breakout v11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/TEMT6000_Breakout-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/TI_Launchpad_MSP430G2.1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/TI_Launchpad_MSP430G2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/TMP01.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/TMP102_Breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/TPA2000D1_Audio_Amplifier.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/TQFP32-5MM_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/TRRS_Breakout-v10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Teensy_2.0_++_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Teensy_2.0_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Teensy_3.0+pads_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Teensy_3.0_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Textile_analog_sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Textile_potentiometer.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Textile_push_button.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Touch_Shield-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Trackballer-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Tricolor-LED v16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ULN2003A_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ULN2803A_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/USBHostShield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Udoo_dual_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/WIZ820io_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/WeIO_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/WiFly_Shield-v17_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Wireless_SD_v3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Wiring_Sa99.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/XBee-Regulated-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ad5330 breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/adi_OP27.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/antenna.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/arduinoXbeere_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/arduino_Uno_Rev3_breadboard-old.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/arduino_Uno_Rev3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/arduino_Yun(rev1)_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/arduino_mini_usb_adapter.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/arduino_uno(rev3)-icsp(1)_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/arduino_uno(rev3)-icsp_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atlas-sientific_Conductivity Circuit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atlas-sientific_D.O. Circuit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atlas-sientific_Debugger_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atlas-sientific_ENV-32X_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atlas-sientific_FLO-30 Circuit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atlas-sientific_ORP Circuit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atlas-sientific_PWR-SNS_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atlas-sientific_Pre-AssembledFemaleBNC_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atlas-sientific_RJ-11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atlas-sientific_Serial Port Connector_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atlas-sientific_pH Circuit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atmega_breadboard_8e4b4f3e54f56b3f712afc6a8e6a8a71.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atmega_breadboard_8e4b4f3e54f56b3f712afc6a8e6a8a71328.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/audio-jack-4pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/audiojack_breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/avr_isp_10_pin_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/bareconductive_touchboard_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/basic_fsr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/basic_pbutton.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/basic_pbutton_2leg_horizon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/basic_photo_transistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/basic_toggle_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/batterypack_2xAA_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/batterypack_4xAAA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/blueIOT_Rc1-final_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/breadboard2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/canbus_shield-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/capacitor_tantalum_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/capacitor_variable_2_legs.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/capacitor_variable_3_legs.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/cellular shield-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ceramic_capacitor_blue_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ceramic_disk_thermistor_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/chipkit_BasicIOShield_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/chipkit_MX4_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/chipkit_MotorShield_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/chipkit_WF32_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_mbed.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_pico.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_wiring.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_wiring_mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_wiring_usb_adapter.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/crystal_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/dc_motor_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/din-5_midi_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/diode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/dquidio_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_1000uF_35v_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_220uF_35v_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_small_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/fritzing_donuts-white_breaboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/gogoboard_4.043282.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/gs1011_breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/h-bridge.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/halfBreadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/halfMinusBreadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/inductor_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/infrared proximity sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/intel-arduino-galileo_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/intel-arduino-galileo_gen2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/intel_edison-hirosedf40_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/intel_edison_arduinobreakout_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/intel_edison_minibreakout_bottom_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/intel_edison_minibreakout_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/jlpcb-089_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/jlpcb-104_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/jlpcb-128_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/lcd-GDM1602K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ldr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/led-rgb-4pin-anode-leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/led-rgb-6pin-leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/led-superFlux-blue.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/led-superFlux-rgb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/lhi958-pir_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/linino_dogUSB_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/linino_dogrj45_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/linino_one(rev1)_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/lm34.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/lm35.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/lm358_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/loudspeaker.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/low_dropout_voltage_regulator_TO220_4_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/mega2560_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/microSD-socket.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/microSD_Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/microphone.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/miniBreadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/mosfet_n_channel.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/mosfet_p_channel.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/mp3-trigger-v22_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/new Fritzing icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/optocoupler4n35_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/peltier_element.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/piezo_sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/pinoccio-proto_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/pinoccio_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/pot-slider.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/potentiometer.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/potentiometer_trimmer.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/potentiometer_w_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/power_plug.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/powertransistor_npn.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/powertransistor_pnp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/prefix0000_SFE-10467-v10_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/proto_shield_v6MEGA_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/quadstep-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/raspberry_pi2_v1.1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/raspberry_pi_A_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/raspberry_pi_b+_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/raspberry_pi_rev1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/raspberry_pi_rev2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/raspio_duino_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/red_led_matrix8x8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/reed_switch_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/relay_reloaded.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/resistor_220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/resistor_5bands.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/resonator-2pin-leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/resonator-3pin-leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/rfid_reader_id12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/screw_terminal_2_100mil_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/screwshield-v15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/servo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sim908_sim908_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sim928A_sim928A_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/smd-yc164-8pin_smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/smd_atmega168.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sodaq_mbili_rev4 (4)_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/solenoid.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-analogic_msop8_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-analogic_qfn-24_alt2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-analogic_so08-epad_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-analogic_so16l_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-analogic_sot23-5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-analogic_sot23-6_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-analogic_tssop-16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-analogic_tssop16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-analogic_tssop20_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-analogic_tvsop-16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-boards_wiz811mj_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-boards_xport_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-boards_xport_direct_module-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-boards_xport_direct_module_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x01_offset_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x03-1mm-ra_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x04-1mm-ra_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x04-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x05-1mm-ra_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x05-1mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x06-smd-female-v2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x06-smd-female_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x06-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x06-smd_edge_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x06_smd_straight_alt_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x06_smd_straight_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x06_smd_straight_combo_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x08_smd_alt_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x08_smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x08_smd_combined_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x10-2mm-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x11_smd_no_holes_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x11_smd_pthcombo_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x12_machine-pin-header_lock.004_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x16_machine-pin-header_lock.004_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_1x40_offset_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_2x10_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_2x10_lock_special_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_2x3-ns_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_2x3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_2x3_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_2x3_offset_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_2x5-ra_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_2x5-raf_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_2x5-shrouded_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_2x5-shrouded_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_2x5-shrouded_smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_50-pin-centronics-f_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_50-pin-centronics-m_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_atx24_right_angle_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_audio-jack-3.5mm-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_audio-jack_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_avr_icsp_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_avr_mini_prog_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_banana_conn_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_bc9vpc_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_bm08b-srss-tb_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_bnc_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_computer-peripheral-power-ra_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_computer-peripheral-power_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_db9_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_db9_male_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_din7_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_din_5_female_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_din_5_female_support_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_ds_touch_connector_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_eb-85a_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_em406_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_em408_con_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_f25d_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_f25h_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_f25hp_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_f25v_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_f25vb_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_f25vp_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_ffc26_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_ffc_16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_ftdi_basic_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_ipod_female_connector_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_ipod_male_connector_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_jst-2-pth-kit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_jst-2-pth-ns_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_jst-2-pth_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_jst-2-smd-vert_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_jst-2-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_jst-3-pth_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_jst-3-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_jst-4-pth_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_little_bits_female_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_little_bits_male_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_littlebits_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_luxeon-pad_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_m25d_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_m25h_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_m25hp_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_m25v_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_m25vb_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_m25vp_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_magjack-19938_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_magjack-poe_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_magjack_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_micro-b-ra-smt_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_micro-b-ra-th_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_micro-b-smt_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_micro-b-th_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_micro-sd-socket-pp_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_mini-din6_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_molex-1x2_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_molex-1x3_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_molex-1x4_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_molex-1x6-ra_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_molex-1x6-ra_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_molex-1x6_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_obdii_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_pad-1.5x4.5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_pic-icsp-mini_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_power_jack_combo_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_power_jack_pth_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_power_jack_pth_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_power_jack_slot_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_power_jack_smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_psp_connector_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_psp_touch_connector_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_r_sw_th_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_rca_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_rca_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_rj11-6_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_rj45-8_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_rj9_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_s4b-ph_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_screenkeymatingconnector_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_screwterminal-3.5mm-2_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_screwterminal-3.5mm-3_lock.007s_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_screwterminal-3.5mm-4_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_sdcard_4uconn_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_simholder2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_simholder3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_simholder_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_sma-edge_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_smartcard_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_smtra-256-8-6_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_smtso-256-et_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_snap-female_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_snap-male_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_springterminal-2.54mm-2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_ground_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_ground_small2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_ground_small_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_ground_wide_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_pwr_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_pwr_wide_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_stereojack2.5mm_smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_stereojack2.5mm_specia_pogopins_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_stereojack2.5mm_stereojack2.5mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_touch-screen_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_u.fl_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-a-h_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-a-pcb_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-a-s-nosilk-female_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-a-s-nosilk_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-a-s-silk-female_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-a-s_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-ab-micro-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-b-pth-vertical_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-b-pth_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-b-smt_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-mb-h_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-microb_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-minib-nostop_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-minib-old_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usb-minib_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_usd-socket-pp_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_xlr3_nc3fah2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-connectors_zune_connector_male_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic__stn_scantool_qfn-28-s_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_lcc20_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_lqfp-80_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_mlf32_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_mlp28_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_p8x32a-q44_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_pic24fxxx_tqfp64_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_pq208_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_pqfp208_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_psop-8_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn-24-usb_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn-24_alt1.pac_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn-24_alt2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn-44-nopad_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn-44_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn20_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_sc70-6_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_sc70_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_so-24dw_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_so08wide_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_soic-18_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_sop-14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_sot143_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_sot23-3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_sot23-5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_sot353_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_sqfp-s-10x10-64-xs1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_sqfp-s-10x10-64_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_ssop_20_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp-100-12x12mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp-100-14x14mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp100_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp32-08_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp44_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp64_14x14mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp64_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tsop48_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tssop-24_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tssop16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tssop28-groundpad_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tssop28_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tssop30_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_tssop5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-digitalic_ubw32_tqfp100_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_0402-res_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_0603-res_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_8-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_cnz1120_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_dpak_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_gp1a57hr_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_msop8_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_sma-diode-kit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_sma-diode_alt_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_sma-diode_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_smb-diode_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_sod-323_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_sod523_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot223_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot23-3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot23-6_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot23_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot323_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot363_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot89_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-discretesemi_ssop-4_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-1_pth_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-4digit-youngsun-longpads_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-4digit-youngsun_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-4digit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-4digit_longpads_for_pogobed_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_alphanumeric_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_lcd-16x2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_lcd-16x2_noholes_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_lcd-16x2_nosilk_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_lcd-8x2-kit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_lcd-8x2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_lcd-g12864_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_lcd_backlight_pads_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_lcd_cfax_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-displays_nokia6100_lcd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_3362u-2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_3362u_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_3386u_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_6400bg_heatsink_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_ayz0202_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcom_20mm_pth_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcon_12mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcon_12mm_pth_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcon_20mm_4legs_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcon_20mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcon_245mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcon_245mm_pth_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery-aa-kit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery-aa-panel_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery-aa_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery-aaa_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery_20mm_pth_compact_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-10mm_breadboard-female.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-10mm_breadboard-male.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-18mm_breadboard-female.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-18mm_breadboard-male.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-conductive-0.1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-conductive-mini_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-conductive_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad-2x2-special_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad-2x2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad-2x2single-kit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad-2x2single_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad-4x4-special_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad-4x4_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-12mm-ns-kit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-12mm-ns_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-12mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-ccv-kit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-ccv_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-cmt1102_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-cmt1603_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_capsense_pad_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_dipswitch-02_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_dipswitch-08_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_eg2211_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_encoder_led_2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_encoder_led_3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_es_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-lir2450-h_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-ribbon_connector_03_2mm_l_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-ribbon_connector_03_2mm_r_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-snap_female_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-snap_male_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_g3vm-61e1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_gpi-152-3013_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_joystick-psp1000_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_joystick_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_joystick_mini_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_kps-1290_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_lipo-100_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_lipo-1100_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_lipo-1100mah_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_lipo-2000_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_magnet-18mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_ms_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_mss22_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_n35p112_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_nav_switch_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_os_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_pcb_mount_speaker_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_pot_pth_switch_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_r_sw_th_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-g5q_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-g5v_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-jzc_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-s108t02_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-t9a-2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-t9a_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_stand-off-tight_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_stand-off_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-4pdt-cnk_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-sp3t-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-spdt-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-spdt_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-spdt_kit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-spdt_lock.007s_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-spst-smd-a_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-spst-vertical_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_switche-dpdt_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_tactile-pth-12mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_tactile-pth_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_tactile-switch-1101ne_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_tactile_switch_smd-2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_tactile_switch_smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_tactile_switch_tall_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_trim_pot_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_trim_pot_pth_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_trimpot-3mm-2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_trimpot-3mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_trimpot-5mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_trimpot_pth_s3_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_trimpot_tc33_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-electromechanical_vibe-motor-10mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-freqctrl_crystal-osc-smd-5x3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-freqctrl_crystal-smd-5x3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-freqctrl_crystal-smd-7.5x5.2-6pin_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-freqctrl_crystal-smd-7x5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-freqctrl_ds3234_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-freqctrl_resonator-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-freqctrl_resonator-wide-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-freqctrl_resonator_nocap_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-freqctrl_sit8002_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led-WS2812_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led_apa3010sf4c_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led_fkit-led-1206_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led_led-0603_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led_led-1206_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led_led-tricolor-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led_led10mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led_led_bargaph_10_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led_led_ring_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led_lightpipe-7511_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led_lte-302_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led_luxeon-rebel_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-led_luxeon_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_0402-cap_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_0402-res_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_0603-arv_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_0603-cap_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_0603_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_0805_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_1007_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_1206_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_1210_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_axial-5mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_b82462g_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_c0402_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_cdrh125_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_cdrh2d09_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_cdrh3d28_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_cooper_up4b_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_cpol-radial-1000uf-25v_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_cpol-radial-1000uf-63v_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_cr54-kit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_cr54_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_cr75_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_cr75_v2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_ctz3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_eia3216-kit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_eia3216_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_eia3528-kit_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_eia3528_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_eia6032_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_eia7343_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_en_j2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_fuse_5mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_gnd_connect_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_grm43d_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_inductor-1206_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_nippon_f80_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_npi75c_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_pad.02x.02_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_pad.03x.03_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_pad.03x.05_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_panasonic_c_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_panasonic_d_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_panasonic_e_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_panasonic_g_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_panasonic_h13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_r2010_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_r2512_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_rpack-sip-pth-5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_sj_2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_sj_2s-no-ns_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_sj_2s-no_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_sj_2s-notrace_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_sj_2s-trace_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_sj_2s_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_sj_2w_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_sj_3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_sj_3_paste1_2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_sj_3_paste2_3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_sru1038_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_sru5028_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-passives_vishay_c_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_0603_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_14-tdfn_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_78xxl_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_8-tdfn-ep_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_d2pack_a_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_dc-dc_converter_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_dpak-5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_dpak_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_drc-10_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_htssop28_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_msop-10-gndpad_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_msop-10_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_msop-8-ep_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_msop-8_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_msop8_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_multiwatt15_6400bgheatsink_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_multiwatt15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_multiwatt15_yb324gheatsink_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_powerso20_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_ptc-1206_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_ptc_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_q5-dd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_q5-dd_spx29300_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_qfn-10_pad_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_qfn-28-5mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_qfn16-3x3mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_qfn16-4x4_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_sc-70_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_sc70_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_so018_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_so08wide_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_so18l_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_sot223_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_sot23-3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_sot23-5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_tdfn-8_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_to-220-11lead_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_to-92_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_to-pmod-7_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_transformer_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_transformer_smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_tssop-16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_v-reg_dpack_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-poweric_vnh2sp30_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_alm-1412_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_antenna-chip2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_antenna-chip3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_antenna-chip4_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_antenna-chip5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_antenna-chip6_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_antenna-chip_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_balun_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_bgb203_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_bgb203_original_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_blueradio_br-c40a_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_blueradio_br-c40n_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_bluetooth-internal-fp2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_bluetooth-internal-fp_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_bluetooth-smd-fp_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_btm182_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_copernicus-dip_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_copernicus_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_em406_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_em406_outline_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_em408_outline_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_emb001_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_et312_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_ge863_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_ge864_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_ge865_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_gm862_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_gm862_connector_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_gp-2106_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_gr-10_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_gs1011mxx_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_gs406-mating_smd____special_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_gs406smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_id-12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_id-12_lock_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_id-12_smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_lassen_iq_gps_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_lga44_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_ls20126_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_mirf_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_mlp-24_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_mn5010hs_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_ns73m_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_qfn20_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_rf-link_rx_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_rf-link_tx_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_rf24g-2x5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_rfm22-xxx-s2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_rmcm01_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_rn-131g_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_rn171_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_rn41_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_rs9110-n-11-22-short_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_si4700_01-gm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_si470x_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_sm130_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_sm5100b_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_sot666_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_sup500f_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_tfm-511_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_trf-24g-socket_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_venus638flpx_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_wifly_gsx_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_wlanmodule_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_wt32_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_xbee-silk_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_xbee-smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_xtend-digi-modem_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-rf_zg2100m_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_16lpcc_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_admp401_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_admp421_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_adns2610_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_adxl180_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_adxl193_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_bc-32_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_bmp085_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_camera_cmos_con_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_camera_cmos_plug_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_camera_sfv24r-2st_2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_cma3000_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_dcm01_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_dfn-10_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_geiger_tube_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_hmc1041z_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_hmc1051z3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_hmc1051z_2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_hmc6042_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_idg300_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_idg500_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lcc24_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lcc36_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lfcsp-16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lga12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lga14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lga16-3mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lga16-4x4_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lga16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lga28-4x5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lga28-5x5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lga28_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lga28l_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lga8_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_lpcc20_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_ltr-301_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_mic-9.7mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_mic_electret_smd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_mlx90609_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_mma7260_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_mq-3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_odfn6_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_odfn_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_os4000-t_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_qfn-16-_rounded0thermal-pad__breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_qfn-16_0.5mm_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_qfn-16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_qfn-28_6x8_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_qrb1114-side_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_qrd1114_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_qre1113_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_sc70_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_sca1000_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_sca3000_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_scp1000-lg_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_scp1000_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_sht1x_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_solarbit-12x1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_sot-23-6_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_sot23-3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_sot563_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_sparkfun_idg500_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_spm0204ud5_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_st-gyro_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_tcm8240md_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_temt6000-sen_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_to-39_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_to-92_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_touch1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_touch2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_tsop8523_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun-sensors_vcnl4000_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/sparkfun_storage_microsd_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/starter-poti-small_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/stereo-jack-3_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/teensy_3.1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/thermalprinter_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/tilt_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/tinyBreadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/tmp36.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/transistor_npn.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/transistor_pnp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/triac.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/tsop312_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/uM_FPUv2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/uM_FPUv3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/usb_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/varistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/voltage_regulator_vreg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ws2812b_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/xbee.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/xbee_realsize.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/xbeeshield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/0402-CAP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/0402-RES.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/0603-CAP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/0603-RES.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1007.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/11LC010_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/11LC020_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/11LC040_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/11LC080_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/11LC160_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1210.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/16-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X01.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X02.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X02_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X03.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X03_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X04.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X04_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X05.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X05_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X06-SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X06.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X06_FEMALE_LOCK.010.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X06_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X07.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X07_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X08_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X09.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X09_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X10_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X16_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1X20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1x04-1mm-ra.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/1x05-1mm-ra.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/23LCV1024_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC01_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC02_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC04_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC08_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC1025_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC128_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC16_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC256_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC32_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC512_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC64_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC010_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC020_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC040_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC080_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC1024_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC128_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC160_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC256_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC320_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC512_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC640_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/3_Axis_Accelerometer_Breakout___MMA8452Q_Icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/50-pin-centronics-f.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/50-pin-centronics-m.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/555timericon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/7-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/74HC139N_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/74HC595.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/78XXL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/7segment.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/A4950_42.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AD22100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AD22151.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AD5206_Digital_Potentiometer__1569b6e5e5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AD584.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AD654.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AD8210.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AD8226.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AD8541.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AD8561.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ADMP401.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ADMP421.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ADMP504.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ADNS2610.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ADP3300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ADTL082.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ADXL327.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AMPHENOL-ACJS-MHDR_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ATARI_CONNECTOR.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ATX24_RIGHT_ANGLE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ATtiny85_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AUDIO-JACK-3.5MM-SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AUDIO-JACK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AYZ0202.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Adafruit_Atmega32u4_Breakout.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Arduino_ADK_MEGA_2560-Rev3_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Arduino_DUE_V02b_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Arduino_Esplora_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Arduino_Ethernet_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Arduino_Motor_Shield_rev3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Arduino_Pro_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/B82462G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BALUN.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BANANA_CONN.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2e.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2p24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2p40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2pe.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2px24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2sx.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BATTCON_12MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BATTCON_12MM_PTH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BATTCON_20MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BATTCON_20MM_4LEGS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BATTCON_245MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BATTCON_245MM_PTH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BATTERY-AA-PANEL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BATTERY-AAA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BLUERADIO_BR-C40A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BLUERADIO_BR-C40N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BLUETOOTH-INTERNAL-FP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BLUETOOTH-INTERNAL-FP2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BLUETOOTH-SMD-FP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BM08B-SRSS-TB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUTTON-CONDUCTIVE-0.1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUTTON-CONDUCTIVE-MINI.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUTTON-CONDUCTIVE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUTTONPAD-2X2-SPECIAL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUTTONPAD-2X2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUTTONPAD-2X2SINGLE-KIT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUTTONPAD-2X2SINGLE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUTTONPAD-4X4-SPECIAL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUTTONPAD-4X4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUZZER-12MM-NS-KIT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUZZER-12MM-NS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUZZER-12MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUZZER-CCV-KIT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUZZER-CCV.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUZZER-CMT1102.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BUZZER-CMT1603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Barometric_Pressure_Sensor__2eaec138e035.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Basic_Force_Sensing_Resistor_(FSR)__a4ff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Battery_block_9V82.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Bean_revE_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/C0402.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/CAMERA_SFV24R-2ST_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/CAPSENSE_PAD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/CD4048B_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/CDRH125.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/CDRH2D09.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/CDRH3D28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/CNZ1120.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/COOPER_UP4B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/CR54-KIT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/CR54.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/CR75.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/CR75_V2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/CTZ3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Color_Sensor_Breakout_ADJD_S311_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DB25F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DB25M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DB9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DB9_MALE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DIN7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DIP_Relay_D31A_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DS1302_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DS1307_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DS_TOUCH_CONNECTOR.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DUEMILANOVE_SHIELD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DUEMILANOVE_SHIELD_NOHOLES.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DUEMILANOVE_SHIELD_NOLABELS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DUO_LED_RG.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Dial_Potentiometer_with_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Digital_Panel_Meter__Voltage__DMS_20PC__.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Dual_VNH2SP30_Motor_Driver_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EB-85A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EDGY.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EDGY_Analog_In_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EG2211.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EIA3216-KIT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EIA3216.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EIA3528-KIT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EIA3528.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EIA6032.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EIA7343.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EM406.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EM406_OUTLINE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EM408_CON.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/EM408_OUTLINE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ENCODER_LED_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ENCODER_LED_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ES.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ET312.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/F25D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/F25H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/F25HP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/F25V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/F25VB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/F25VP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FFC_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FKIT-LED-1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FKIT-LIR2450-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FKIT-RIBBON_CONNECTOR_03_2MM_L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FKIT-RIBBON_CONNECTOR_03_2MM_R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FKIT-SNAP_FEMALE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FKIT-SNAP_MALE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FRM010_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FRM050_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FT230XQ_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FTDI_BASIC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Frode_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Fuse_with_Handler_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/G3VM-61E1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/GE863.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/GE864.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/GE865.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/GEIGER_TUBE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/GLCD_128x64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/GM862.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/GP1A57HR.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/GR-10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/GRM43D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/GS1011MXX.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/HCF_4067397.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/HCMS-29xxff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/HDJD-S822-QR999.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/HEF4094228f.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/HMC1041Z.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/HMC1051Z3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/HMC1051Z_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Humidity_Sensor_SHT15_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Humidity_and_Temperature_Sensor_RHT03_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ID-12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ID-12_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ID-12_SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/INDUCTOR-1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/IPOD_FEMALE_CONNECTOR.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/IPOD_MALE_CONNECTOR.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/JOYSTICK-PSP1000.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/JOYSTICK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/JOYSTICK_MINI.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/JST-2-PTH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/JST-2-SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/JST-3-PTH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/L293D_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LASSEN_IQ_GPS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LCD-16X2_NOSILK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LCD_BACKLIGHT_PADS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LCD_CFAX.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LED-0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LED-1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LED-SuperFlux-blue.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LED-SuperFlux-rgb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LED-TRICOLOR-SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LED-red-5mmicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LED-rgb-5mmicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LED_Matrix_Kingbright.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LED_Prolight_RGB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LED_RING.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LGA8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LICENSE.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LIGHTPIPE-7511.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LITTLE_BITS_FEMALE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LITTLE_BITS_MALE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LS20126.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LUXEON-REBEL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LUXEON.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/M25D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/M25H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/M25HP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/M25V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/M25VB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/M25VP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/M5450_LED_Driver_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MAGJACK-19938.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MAGJACK-POE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MAGJACK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MIC-9.7MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MICRO-B-RA-SMT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MICRO-B-RA-TH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MICRO-B-SMT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MICRO-B-TH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MICRO-SD-SOCKET-PP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MIC_ELECTRET_SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MINI-DIN6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MN5010HS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MQ-3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MSS22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MULTIWATT15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MULTIWATT15_6400BGHEATSINK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/MULTIWATT15_YB324GHEATSINK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/N35P112.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/NAV_SWITCH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/NOKIA6100_LCD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/NPI75C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/New_Aries_28W_ZIF4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/OBDII.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ODFN.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/OP37.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/OP482.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/OS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/OS4000-T.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Optocoupler_TLP621_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PCF8574.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_08M_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_08_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_14M_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_18A_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_18M_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_18X_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_18_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_20M_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_20X2_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_28A_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_28X1_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_28X2_3V_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_28X2_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_28X_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_28_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_40X1_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_40X2_3V_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_40X2_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_40X_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PIC_16F877A_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/POT_PTH_SWITCH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/POWER_JACK_COMBO.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/POWER_JACK_PTH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/POWER_JACK_PTH_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/POWER_JACK_SLOT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/POWER_JACK_SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PSP_CONNECTOR.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PSP_TOUCH_CONNECTOR.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Peppermill_Power_Board__d66eefd2b869d709.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Pushbuttonc.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RCA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RCA_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RELAY-G5V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RELAY-JZC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RFM12B_Transceiver_DIP_Package__581e0231.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RFM12b_HopeRF_Transceiver__9c603c735b502.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RFM22-XXX-S2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RJ11-6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RJ45-8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RJ45_TRXCOM2_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RJ9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RMCM01.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RN-131G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RN171.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RN41.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/RS9110-N-11-22-SHORT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/R_SW_TH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Raspberry_Pi_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Raspberry_Pi_rev1_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Raspberry_Pi_rev2_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Real_Time_Clock_Module___DS1307_RTC_Brea.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Rotary_Encoder.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Round_Pushbuttonba.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/S1133_Si_Photodiode_Icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/S4B-PH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SCP1000-LG.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SCP1000.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SCREENKEY-TFT128.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SCREENKEYMATINGCONNECTOR.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-2-NS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-2_LOCK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SDCARD_4UCONN.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SHT1X.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SIMHOLDER.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SIMHOLDER2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SIMHOLDER3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SM5100B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SMA-DIODE-KIT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SMA-DIODE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SMA-DIODE_ALT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SMA-EDGE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SMARTCARD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SMB-DIODE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SN74LS14N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SN74LS14N_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SN74LS20N_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SN74LS21N_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SN74LS32N_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SN74LVC2G14DBVR_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SOD-323.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SOLARBIT-12X1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SPARKCORE_v1_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SPM0204UD5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SRU1038.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SRU5028.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SSM2212.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SSM2220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/STEREOJACK2.5MM_SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/STEREOJACK2.5MM_SPECIAL_HOLES-ONLY.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/STEREOJACK2.5MM_SPECIA_POGOPINS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/STEREOJACK2.5MM_STEREOJACK2.5MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/STM32F103_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SUP500F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SWITCH-SP3T-SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SWITCH-SPDT-SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SWITCH-SPST-SMD-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SWITCHE-DPDT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Stepper_Motor_-_Bipolar__icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Stepper_Motor_-_Unipolar__icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Stretch sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TACTILE-PTH-12MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TACTILE-PTH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TACTILE-SWITCH-1101NE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TACTILE_SWITCH_SMD-2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TACTILE_SWITCH_SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TACTILE_SWITCH_TALL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TCM8240MD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TEMT6000-SEN.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TI_Launchpad_MSP430G2_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TMP01.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TO-39.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TPA2000D1_Audio_Amplifier.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TRF-24G-SOCKET.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TRIMPOT-3MM-2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TRIMPOT-3MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TRIMPOT-5MM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/TRIMPOT_TC33.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Teensy_2.0_++_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Teensy_2.0_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Teensy_3.0_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Textile_analog_sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Textile_potentiometer.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Textile_push_button.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/U.FL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ULN2003A_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ULN2803A_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-A-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-A-PCB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-A-S-NOSILK-FEMALE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-A-S-NOSILK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-A-S-SILK-FEMALE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-A-S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-B-PTH-VERTICAL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-B-PTH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-B-SMT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-MB-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-MICROB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-MINIB-NOSTOP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-MINIB-OLD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USB-MINIB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/USD-SOCKET-PP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/WIFLY_GSX.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/WIZ811MJ.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/WLANMODULE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/WT32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/WeIO_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Wiring_Sa99.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/XBEE-SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/XLR3_NC3FAH2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/XPORT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/XPORT_DIRECT_MODULE-SMD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/XPORT_DIRECT_MODULE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/XTEND-DIGI-MODEM.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ZG2100M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ZUNE_CONNECTOR_MALE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/adi_OP27.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/antenna-chip4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/antenna.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/arduino_Uno_Rev3_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/arduino_Yun(rev1)_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/atlas-sientific_Conductivity Circuit_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/atlas-sientific_D.O. Circuit_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/atlas-sientific_Debugger_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/atlas-sientific_ENV-32X_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/atlas-sientific_FLO-30 Circuit_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/atlas-sientific_ORP Circuit_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/atlas-sientific_PWR-SNS_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/atlas-sientific_Pre-AssembledFemaleBNC_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/atlas-sientific_RJ-11_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/atlas-sientific_Serial Port Connector_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/atlas-sientific_pH Circuit_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/avr_isp_10_pin_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/avr_mini_prog.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic-diode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_fsr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_ldr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_pbutton.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_pbutton_2leg_horizon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_photo_transistoricon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_poti_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_relay.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_servo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_toggle_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_transistor_npnicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_transistor_pnpicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/batterypack_2xAA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/breadboardicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/camera_cmos_con.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/camera_cmos_plug.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/capacitor_tantalum.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/cell.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ceramic_capacitor_blue_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ceramic_disk_thermistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/chipkit_BasicIOShield_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/chipkit_MX4_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/chipkit_MotorShield_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/chipkit_WF32_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/controller_arduino_nano.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/controller_mbed.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/controller_pico.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/controller_wiring.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/copernicus.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/crystal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/d2523t.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/dc_motor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/din-5_midi_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/dip_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/dquidio_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/electrolytic_capacitor_1000uF_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/electrolytic_capacitor_220uF_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/electrolytic_capacitor_small_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/emb001.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ffc26.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/generic_male_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/generic_rounded_female_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/generic_shrouded_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/gogoboard_4.043282.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ground.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/gs406-mating_smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/gs406smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/h-bridge_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/halfBreadboardIcon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/inductor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/infrared proximity sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/intel-arduino-galileo_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/intel_edison_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/lcd-GDM1602K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ld1085-d2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/led-rgb-4pin-anode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/led-rgb-6pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/linino_one(rev1)_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/lm34icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/lm358icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/lm35icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/loudspeaker.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/low_dropout_voltage_regulator_TO220_4_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/microSD-socket.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/microcontroller.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/microphone.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/miniBreadboardIcon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/mosfet_n_channel_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/mosfet_p_channel_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ns73m.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/optocoupler4n35_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/parallax_propeller.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/peltier_element.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/piezo_sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/pinoccio_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/plain_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/pot-slider.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/potentiometer.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/power.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/power_plug.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/powertransistor_npn_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/powertransistor_pnp_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/prefix0000_SFE-10467-v10_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/raspberry_pi2_v1.1_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/raspberry_pi_b+_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/red_led_matrix8x8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/reed_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/relay_reloaded.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/resistor_5bands.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/resistor_icon_220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/resonator-2pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/resonator-3pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/rfid_reader_id12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/screw_terminal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/sfv24r-2st_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/solenoid.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/sparkfun_storage_microsd_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/starter-poti-small_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/stereo-jack-3_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/teensy_3.1_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/thermalprinter_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/tilt_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/tinyBreadboardIcon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/tmp36icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/touch-screen.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/tsop312_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/uM_FPUv2_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/uM_FPUv3_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/udoo_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/usb-ab-micro-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/usb_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/voltage_regulator_vreg_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/xbee.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/10x2-Epaper-Breakout-Board-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/23LCV1024_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/3_Axis_Accelerometer_Breakout___MMA8452Q_PCB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/3mm_LED.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/5DOF-v25_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/5mm_LED.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/6DOF-Digital-v10_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/74HC139N_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/74HC595 Shift Reg Breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/7segment_100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/7segment_13.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/7segment_20,32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/7segment_56,9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/7segment_9,9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/9DoF-Stick-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/A4950_42.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ACS712 Low Current Sensor Board v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/AD22100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/AD22151CMOD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/AD584.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/AD654.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/AD8210CMOD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/AD8541CMOD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/AD8561.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ADMP504.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ADP3300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ADTL082CMOD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ADXL327.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ADXL335_v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ADXL345-BreakoutBoard-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/AMPHENOL-ACJS-MHDR_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Adafruit_Atmega32u4_Breakout.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/AlphaNumericDisplay-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Amplified-Mic-Electret-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Analog_Digital_MUX_Breakout_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ArduPilotMega_v15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino Nano3(icsp)_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino Nano3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino Voice Shield-v16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino-BLE-LowPower-RevB-final_5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino-Ethernet-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino-Fio-v22(fix)_bottom_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino-Fio-v22(fix)_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino-Fio-v22(icsp+)_bottom_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino-Fio-v22(icsp+)_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino-Fio-v22_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino-Mini-v5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v13-a4+5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ArduinoBluetoothMatev13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_ADK_MEGA_2560-Rev3(icsp)_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_ADK_MEGA_2560-Rev3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_DUE_V02b_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_Esplora_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_Ethernet_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_Leonardo_Rev3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_MEGA_2560-Rev3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_Micro_Rev03_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_Motor_Shield_rev3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_Pro_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_bt07_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Ardumoto v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/BASIC_Stamp_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/BMP085 Breakout-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Barometric_Pressure_Sensor_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Bean_revE_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Breadboard Power Supply - SMD v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Buzzer-v15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/CD4048B_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/CRYSTAL_-_kHz_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Color-LCD-Shield-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Color_Sensor_Breakout_ADJD_S311_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/DB25F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/DB25M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/DIN5_midi_5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/DIP_Relay_D31A_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/DIP___40_pins491bd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/DO-41_diode_2_300mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/DUO_LED_RG_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/DeadOn RTC - DS3234 Breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Dial_Potentiometer_with_switch_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Digital_Panel_Meter__Voltage__DMS_20PC__.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Dual_VNH2SP30_Motor_Driver_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/EDGY_Analog_In_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/EDGY_motor_control.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/EasyDriver_v44_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/FRS1B-S-relay-fp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/FT230XQ_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/FTDI Basic-v13_3.3v_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/FTDI Basic-v13_lily_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/FTDI Basic-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Fritzing icon 0.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Fritzing icon copper0.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Fritzing icon copper1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Fritzing icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Fritzing-donut-logo_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Frode_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Fuse_with_Handler_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/GLCD_128x64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/GPSShield-v15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/GSM-Quectel_updateTID_2_v1.3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Gas_Sensor_Breakout-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/HCF_4067397.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/HCMS-29xxff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/HEF4094228f.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/HIH-4030_Breakout-v10_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/HMC5883L_Breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/HMC6352-v18_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/HTSSOP28-pad.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/HTSSOP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Humidity_Sensor_SHT15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Humidity_and_Temperature_Sensor_RHT03_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/IOIO-v15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/IR_Receiver_v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ISD1932 Breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ITG-3200-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Joystick-Breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Joystick_Shield-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/L3G4200D-Breakout-v10_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LED-TRICOLOR-THROUGHHOLE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LED_Matrix_Kingbright_TX07-11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LED_Prolight_RGB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LICENSE.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LQFP-32_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LQFP-48_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LSM303 breakout board-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LeDeuligne1.1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Level-Converter-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LiPo-USB-Charger-v21_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad Battery-Connect-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad Coincell-Battery-v17_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad SimplePower-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-Accelerometer-v17_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-Button-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-Light Sensor-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-Simple-v25_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-Temp-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-XBee-v15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-slide-switch13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad_Arduino_USB_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad_LED-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Lilypad_PowerSupply-v18_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Lilypad_Vibe_Motor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/M5450_LED_Driver_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/MIDI Music Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/MIDI_Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/MP3 Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/MPR121-Breakout-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Made with Fritzing 0.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Made with Fritzing.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Mainboard-v18_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Mega_Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Memoire-1.0_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Modkit Shield-v1a_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/MonsterMoto-Shield-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/NCP1400_5V_Step-Up_v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/New_Aries_28W_ZIF4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/OBD-II-UART-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/OHANDA logo 0.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/OHANDA logo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/OP37.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/OP482.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/OSHW logo 0.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/OSHW logo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Op Amp Breakout-v16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/OpenLog_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Optocoupler_TLP621_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/PIC_16F877A_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/PWM-Shield-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Peppermill_Power_Board__a40e6dc7c979bcff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Power Screwshield 1.0a_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/PowerCell-v13.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/PowerDriver-Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/PowerIR-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/PowerSupply-Lipo-v15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ProtoShield-Mini-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ProtoShield-v25_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Proto_shield_REV3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/QFN-20-0.4MM_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/QFN-24_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/QFN-28_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/QFN-32_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/QFN-36_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/QFN-64_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/RFID_USB_Reader-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/RFM12B_Transceiver_DIP_Package__581e0231.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/RFM12b_HopeRF_Transceiver.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/RFM12b_HopeRF_Transceiver__9c603c735b502.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/RGB_matrix_v25_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/RJ45_TRXCOM2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/RN41-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Raspberry_Pi_a_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Raspberry_Pi_b+_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Raspberry_Pi_rev1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Raspberry_Pi_rev2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Raspberry_pi2_v1.1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Real_Time_Clock_Module___DS1307_RTC_Brea.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Rotary_Encoder.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Rotoshield-1.0a_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/S1133_Si_Photodiode_PCB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SI4735 Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_D2Pak.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_DPak.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_Diode_MelfDO213AA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_Diode_MelfDO213AB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_LED_0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_LED_0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_LED_1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_LQFP32_DT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_SO16-W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_SO16_DT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_SO24_DT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_SO8-W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_SO8_DT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_SOT-23.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_TSSOP20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_cap_tantal_A_3216.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_cap_tantal_B_3528.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_cap_tantal_C_6032.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_cap_tantal_D_7343.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_crystal_HC49.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_elko_0405.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_elko_0605.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_elko_0807.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_elko_1010.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_pushbutton.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SN74LS14N_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SN74LS20N_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SN74LS21N_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SN74LS32N_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SN74LVC2G14DBVR_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SO-24W_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SO-28W_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SO08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SO16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SO18W_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SO20W_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SOIC-14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SOIC18-W_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SPARKCORE_v1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SSM2212CMOD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SSM2220CMOD.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SSOP16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SSOP20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SSOP24_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SSOP28DB_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SSOP48_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/STM32F103_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/STM32_Nucleo_board_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Shield_Eth06-PoE_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Si470x-Eval-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SparkFun-SO08-EIAJ_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TB6612FNG Breakout v11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TEMT6000_Breakout-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TI_Launchpad_MSP430G2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TMP01.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TMP102_Breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TO-220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TO92_3_100mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TPA2000D1_Audio_Amplifier smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TQFP32-5MM_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TRRS_Breakout-v10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Teensy_2.0_++_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Teensy_2.0_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Teensy_3.0+pads_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Teensy_3.0_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Textile_analog_sensor_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Touch_Shield-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Trackballer-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Tricolor-LED v16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/USBHostShield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Udoo_dual_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/WIZ820io_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/WeIO_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/WiFly_Shield-v17_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Wireless_SD_v3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Wiring_Sa99.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/XBee-Regulated-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ad5330 breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/adi_OP27.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/alps-starter-pot9mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/arduinoXbeere_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/arduino_Uno_Rev3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/arduino_Yun(rev1)_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/arduino_uno(rev3)-icsp(1)_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/arduino_uno(rev3)-icsp_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/atlas-sientific_Conductivity Circuit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/atlas-sientific_D.O. Circuit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/atlas-sientific_Debugger_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/atlas-sientific_ENV-32X_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/atlas-sientific_FLO-30 Circuit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/atlas-sientific_ORP Circuit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/atlas-sientific_PWR-SNS_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/atlas-sientific_Pre-AssembledFemaleBNC_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/atlas-sientific_RJ-11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/atlas-sientific_Serial Port Connector_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/atlas-sientific_pH Circuit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/atmega_pcb_8e4b4f3e54f56b3f712afc6a8e6a8a71.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/audio-jack-4pin-3.5mm-smd-lumberg-jeita-rc-5325A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/audiojack_breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/avr_isp_10_pin_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_lay_2_200mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_lay_2_300mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_lay_2_400mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_lay_2_500mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_lay_2_600mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_lay_2_800mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_stand0_2_100mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_stand1_2_100mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/bareconductive_touchboard_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/battery_pack_mounted_500mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/blueIOT_Rc1-final_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/canbus_shield-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_ceramic_100mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_ceramic_200mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_elko_large_300mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_elko_medium_200mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_elko_small_100mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_tantalum_100mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_tantalum_200mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/cellular shield-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/chipkit_BasicIOShield_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/chipkit_MX4_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/chipkit_MotorShield_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/chipkit_WF32_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/circle_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/connector_power_pj202ah.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/connector_usb_b.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/crystal_HC18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/crystal_hc49u.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/dip_8_300mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/dquidio_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/freqctrl_crystal-smd-3.2x2.5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/gogoboard_4.043282.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/gs1011_breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/inductor_400mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/intel-arduino-galileo-(simple)_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/intel-arduino-galileo_gen2-(simple)_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/intel-arduino-galileo_gen2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/intel-arduino-galileo_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/intel_edison-hirosedf40_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/intel_edison-minibreakout_bottom_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/intel_edison-minibreakout_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/intel_edison_arduinobreakout_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/jlpcb-089_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/jlpcb-104_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/jlpcb-128_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/jumper_3_100mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/lcd-GDM1602K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/led-rgb-6pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/led-superFlux.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/linino_dogUSB_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/linino_dogrj45_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/linino_one(rev1)_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/mega2560_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/microSD-socket-molex-502774-0891.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/microSD_Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/mp3-trigger-v22_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/netduino_plus2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/new Fritzing icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/new Made with Fritzing.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/parallax_propeller_DIL40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-diecimila-fp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-intel-galileo-half-pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-intel-galileo-pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-mega-R3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-mega-Rev3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-mini-usb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-pro-mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-shield-rev3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-shield.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-lightblue-bean-shield.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pinoccio-proto_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pinoccio_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pot-slider.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/prefix0000_SFE-10467-v10_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/proto_shield_v6MEGA_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pushbutton_2_300mil_thick.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/quadstep-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/raspberrypi-b+-pcb-shape.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/raspberrypi-pcb-shape.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/raspio_duino_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/red_led_matrix8x8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/resonator-3pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/rfid_reader_id12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/screwshield-v15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sim908_sim908_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sim928A_sim928A_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/smd-YC164_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sodaq_mbili_rev4 (4)_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkcore-pcb-shape.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-5050_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_dil-08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_dil14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_dil16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_dil18_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_dip08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_msop8_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_qfn-24_alt2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_so014_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_so08-epad_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_so08-max6675_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_so08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_so16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_so16l_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_soic-14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_soic8_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_sot23-5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_sot23-6_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_ssop20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_ssop24_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_tqfp32-5mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_tssop-16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_tssop16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_tssop20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-analogic_tvsop-16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-boards_wiz811mj_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-boards_xport_direct_module-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-boards_xport_direct_module_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-boards_xport_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x01_offset_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x03-1mm-ra_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x04-1mm-ra_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x04-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x05-1mm-ra_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x05-1mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x06-smd-female-v2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x06-smd-female_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x06-smd_edge_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x06-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x06_smd_straight_alt_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x06_smd_straight_combo_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x06_smd_straight_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x08_smd_alt_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x08_smd_combined_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x08_smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x10-2mm-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x11_smd_no_holes_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x11_smd_pthcombo_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x12_machine-pin-header_lock.004_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x16_machine-pin-header_lock.004_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_1x40_offset_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_2x10_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_2x10_lock_special_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_2x3-ns_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_2x3_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_2x3_offset_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_2x3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_2x5-ra_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_2x5-raf_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_2x5-shrouded_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_2x5-shrouded_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_2x5-shrouded_smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_50-pin-centronics-f_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_50-pin-centronics-m_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_atx24_right_angle_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_audio-jack-3.5mm-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_audio-jack_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_avr_icsp_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_avr_mini_prog_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_banana_conn_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_bc9vpc_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_bm08b-srss-tb_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_bnc_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_computer-peripheral-power-ra_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_computer-peripheral-power_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_db9_male_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_db9_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_dil28-3-zif_socket_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_dil40-6-zif_socket_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_din7_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_din_5_female_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_din_5_female_support_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_ds_touch_connector_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_eb-85a_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_em406_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_em408_con_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_f25d_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_f25h_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_f25hp_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_f25v_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_f25vb_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_f25vp_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_ffc26_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_ffc_16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_ftdi_basic_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_ipod_female_connector_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_ipod_male_connector_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_jst-2-pth-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_jst-2-pth-ns_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_jst-2-pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_jst-2-smd-vert_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_jst-2-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_jst-3-pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_jst-3-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_jst-4-pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_little_bits_female_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_little_bits_male_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_littlebits_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_luxeon-pad_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_m25d_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_m25h_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_m25hp_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_m25v_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_m25vb_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_m25vp_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_magjack-19938_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_magjack-poe_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_magjack_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_micro-b-ra-smt_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_micro-b-ra-th_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_micro-b-smt_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_micro-b-th_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_micro-sd-socket-pp_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_mini-din6_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_molex-1x2_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_molex-1x3_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_molex-1x4_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_molex-1x6-ra_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_molex-1x6-ra_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_molex-1x6_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_obdii_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_pad-1.5x4.5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_pic-icsp-mini_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_power_jack_combo_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_power_jack_pth_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_power_jack_pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_power_jack_slot_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_power_jack_smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_psp_connector_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_psp_touch_connector_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_r_sw_th_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_rca_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_rca_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_rj11-6_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_rj45-8_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_rj9_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_s4b-ph_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_screenkeymatingconnector_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_screwterminal-3.5mm-2_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_screwterminal-3.5mm-3_lock.007s_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_screwterminal-3.5mm-4_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_sdcard_4uconn_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_simholder2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_simholder3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_simholder_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_sma-edge_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_smartcard_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_smtra-256-8-6_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_smtso-256-et_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_snap-female_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_snap-male_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_springterminal-2.54mm-2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_ground_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_ground_small2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_ground_small_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_ground_wide_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_pwr_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_pwr_wide_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_stereojack2.5mm_smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_stereojack2.5mm_specia_pogopins_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_stereojack2.5mm_stereojack2.5mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_touch-screen_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_u.fl_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-a-h_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-a-pcb_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-a-s-nosilk-female_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-a-s-nosilk_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-a-s-silk-female_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-a-s_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-ab-micro-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-b-pth-vertical_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-b-pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-b-smt_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-mb-h_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-microb_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-minib-nostop_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-minib-old_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usb-minib_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_usd-socket-pp_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_xlr3_nc3fah2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-connectors_zune_connector_male_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic__stn_scantool_qfn-28-s_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_dil08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_dil14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_dil16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_dil18_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_dil24_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_dil28-3-simon-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_dil28-3-simon_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_dil28-3-zif_socket_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_dil28-3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_dil40_0.9_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_dil40_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_dip08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_lcc20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_lqfp-32_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_lqfp-48_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_lqfp-80_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_mlf32_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_mlp28_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_p8x32a-q44_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_pic24fxxx_tqfp64_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_pq208_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_pqfp208_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_psop-8_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn-24-usb_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn-24_alt1.pac_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn-24_alt2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn-24_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn-32_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn-44-nopad_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn-44_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_qfn20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_sc70-6_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_sc70_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_so-24dw_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_so-28w_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_so014_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_so016_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_so08-eiaj_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_so08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_so08wide_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_so16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_soic-14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_soic-18_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_soic18-w_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_sop-14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_sot143_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_sot23-3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_sot23-5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_sot353_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_sqfp-s-10x10-64-xs1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_sqfp-s-10x10-64_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_ssop20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_ssop28db_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_ssop_20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp-100-12x12mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp-100-14x14mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp100_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp32-08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp32-5mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp44_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp64_14x14mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tqfp64_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tsop48_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tssop-24_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tssop16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tssop28-groundpad_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tssop28_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tssop30_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_tssop5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-digitalic_ubw32_tqfp100_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_0402-res_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_0603-res_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_8-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_cnz1120_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_dil06_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_diode-1n4001_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_diode-1n4148_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_diode-hv_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_diode-zener_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_dpak_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_gp1a57hr_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_msop8_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_sma-diode-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_sma-diode_alt_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_sma-diode_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_smb-diode_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_so08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_sod-323_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_sod523_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot223_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot23-3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot23-6_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot23_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot323_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot363_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_sot89_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_ssop-4_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_to-92-ammo_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_to-92_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_to220v_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-discretesemi_v18za2p_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-1_pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-4digit-youngsun-longpads_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-4digit-youngsun_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-4digit_longpads_for_pogobed_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-4digit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-display_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_alphanumeric_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_lcd-16x2_noholes_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_lcd-16x2_nosilk_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_lcd-16x2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_lcd-8x2-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_lcd-8x2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_lcd-g12864_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_lcd_backlight_pads_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_lcd_cfax_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-displays_nokia6100_lcd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_1x01_turret_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_3362u-2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_3362u_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_3386u_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_6400bg_heatsink_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_alps_pot_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_ayz0202_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcom_20mm_pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcon_12mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcon_12mm_pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcon_20mm_4legs_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcon_20mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcon_245mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battcon_245mm_pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery-aa-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery-aa-panel_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery-aa_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery-aaa_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery_20mm_pth_compact_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-10mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-18mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-conductive-0.1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-conductive-mini_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-conductive_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad-2x2-special_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad-2x2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad-2x2single-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad-2x2single_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad-4x4-special_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad-4x4_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-12mm-ns-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-12mm-ns_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-12mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-ccv-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-ccv_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-cmt1102_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer-cmt1603_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_capsense_pad_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_dipswitch-02_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_dipswitch-08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_eg2211_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_encoder-16mm-quad_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_encoder_led_2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_encoder_led_3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_es_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-lir2450-h_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-ribbon_connector_03_2mm_l_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-ribbon_connector_03_2mm_r_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-snap_female_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-snap_male_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_g3vm-61e1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_gpi-152-3013_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_joystick-psp1000_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_joystick_mini_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_joystick_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_kps-1290_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_ksa_sealed_tac_switch_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_lipo-100_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_lipo-1100_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_lipo-1100mah_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_lipo-2000_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_magnet-18mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_ms_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_mss22_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_n35p112_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_nav_switch_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_os_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_pcb_mount_speaker_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_pot_alpha_rv16af-20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_pot_mammoth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_pot_pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_pot_pth_switch_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_r_sw_th_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_reed_switch_plastic_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_reed_switch_pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-g5q_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-g5v_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-jzc_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-s108t02_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-t9a-2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-t9a_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_slider_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_stand-off-tight_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_stand-off_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-4pdt-cnk_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-sp3t-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-spdt-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-spdt_kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-spdt_lock.007s_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-spdt_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-spst-smd-a_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-spst-vertical_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_switche-dpdt_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_tactile-pth-12mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_tactile-pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_tactile-switch-1101ne_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_tactile_switch_smd-2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_tactile_switch_smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_tactile_switch_tall_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_trackball_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_trim_pot_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_trim_pot_pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_trimpot-3mm-2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_trimpot-3mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_trimpot-5mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_trimpot_pth_s3_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_trimpot_tc33_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-electromechanical_vibe-motor-10mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_crystal-32khz-smd_epson_mc146_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_crystal-32khz-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_crystal-osc-smd-5x3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_crystal-smd-10.5x4.8-2pin_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_crystal-smd-5x3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_crystal-smd-7.5x5.2-6pin_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_crystal-smd-7x5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_ds3234_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_hc49u-v_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_hc49up_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_hc49us_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_resonator-pth_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_resonator-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_resonator-wide-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_resonator_nocap_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_sit8002_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_so08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_tc26h_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-freqctrl_tc38h_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_apa3010sf4c_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_fkit-led-1206_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_led-0603_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_led-1206_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_led-tricolor-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_led10mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_led3mm-ns_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_led3mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_led5mm-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_led5mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_led_bargaph_10_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_led_ring_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_lightpipe-7511_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_lte-302_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_luxeon-rebel_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-led_luxeon_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_0402-cap_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_0402-res_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_0603-arv_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_0603-cap_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_0603_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_0805_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_1007_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_1206_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_1210_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_axial-5mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_b82462g_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_c0402_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cap-pth-5mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cap-pth-large_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cap-pth-small-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cap-pth-small2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cap-pth-small_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cdrh125_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cdrh2d09_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cdrh3d28_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cooper_up4b_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cpol-radial-1000uf-25v_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cpol-radial-1000uf-63v_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cpol-radial-100uf-25v_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cpol-radial-10uf-25v_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cr54-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cr54_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cr75_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_cr75_v2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_ctz3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_eia3216-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_eia3216_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_eia3528-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_eia3528_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_eia6032_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_eia7343_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_en_j2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_fuse_5mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_gnd_connect_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_grm43d_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_inductor-1206_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_nippon_f80_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_npi75c_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_pad.02x.02_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_pad.03x.03_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_pad.03x.05_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_panasonic_c_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_panasonic_d_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_panasonic_e_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_panasonic_g_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_panasonic_h13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_r2010_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_r2512_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_rpack-sip-pth-5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_sj_2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_sj_2s-no-ns_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_sj_2s-no_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_sj_2s-notrace_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_sj_2s-trace_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_sj_2s_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_sj_2w_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_sj_3_paste1_2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_sj_3_paste2_3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_sj_3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_sru1038_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_sru5028_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-passives_vishay_c_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_0603_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_14-tdfn_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_78xxl_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_8-tdfn-ep_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_d2pack_a_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_dc-dc_converter_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_dil18_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_dpak-5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_dpak_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_drc-10_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_htssop28_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_msop-10-gndpad_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_msop-10_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_msop-8-ep_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_msop-8_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_msop8_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_multiwatt15_6400bgheatsink_2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_multiwatt15_6400bgheatsink_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_multiwatt15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_multiwatt15_yb324gheatsink_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_powerso20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_ptc-1206_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_ptc_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_q5-dd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_q5-dd_spx29300_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_qfn-10_pad_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_qfn-28-5mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_qfn16-3x3mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_qfn16-4x4_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_sc-70_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_sc70_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_so-24w_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_so018_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_so08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_so08wide_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_so18l_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_sot223_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_sot23-3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_sot23-5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_ssop24_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_tdfn-8_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_to-220-11lead_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_to-220-alt_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_to-92_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_to-pmod-7_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_to220-adj_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_to220-igo_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_transformer_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_transformer_smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_tssop-16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_v-reg_dpack_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-poweric_vnh2sp30_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_alm-1412_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_antenna-chip2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_antenna-chip3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_antenna-chip4_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_antenna-chip5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_antenna-chip6_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_antenna-chip_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_balun_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_bgb203_original_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_bgb203_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_blueradio_br-c40a_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_blueradio_br-c40n_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_bluetooth-internal-fp2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_bluetooth-internal-fp_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_bluetooth-smd-fp_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_btm182_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_copernicus-dip_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_copernicus_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_em406_outline_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_em406_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_em408_outline_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_emb001_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_et312_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_ge863_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_ge864_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_ge865_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_gm862_connector_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_gm862_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_gp-2106_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_gr-10_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_gs1011mxx_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_gs406-mating_smd____special_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_gs406smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_id-12_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_id-12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_id-12_smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_lassen_iq_gps_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_lga44_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_ls20126_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_mirf_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_mlp-24_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_mn5010hs_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_ns73m_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_qfn-32_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_qfn-36_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_qfn-64_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_qfn20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_rf-link_rx_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_rf-link_tx_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_rf24g-2x5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_rfm22-xxx-s2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_rmcm01_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_rn-131g_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_rn171_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_rn41_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_rs9110-n-11-22-short_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_si4700_01-gm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_si470x_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_sm130_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_sm5100b_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_sot666_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_ssop20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_sup500f_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_tfm-511_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_trf-24g-socket_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_venus638flpx_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_wifly_gsx_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_wlanmodule_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_wt32_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_xbee-1_lock_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_xbee-1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_xbee-silk_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_xbee-smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_xtend-digi-modem_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-rf_zg2100m_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_16lpcc_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_admp401_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_admp421_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_adns2610_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_adxl180_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_adxl193_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_bc-32_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_bmp085_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_camera_cmos_con_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_camera_cmos_plug_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_camera_sfv24r-2st_2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_cma3000_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_dcm01_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_dfn-10_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_geiger_tube_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_hih-4030_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_hmc1041z_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_hmc1051z3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_hmc1051z_2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_hmc6042_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_idg300_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_idg500_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lcc24_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lcc36_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lfcsp-16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lga12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lga14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lga16-3mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lga16-4x4_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lga16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lga28-4x5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lga28-5x5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lga28_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lga28l_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lga8_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_lpcc20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_ltr-301_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_mic-9.7mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_mic_electret_smd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_mlx90609_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_mma7260_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_mq-3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_odfn6_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_odfn_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_os4000-t_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_photocell-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_photocell_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_qfn-16-_rounded0thermal-pad__pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_qfn-16_0.5mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_qfn-16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_qfn-20-0.4mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_qfn-24_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_qfn-28_6x8_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_qfn-28_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_qrb1114-side_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_qrd1114_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_qre1113_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_sc70_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_sca1000_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_sca3000_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_scp1000-lg_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_scp1000_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_sht1x_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_so08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_solarbit-12x1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_sot-23-6_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_sot23-3_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_sot563_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_sparkfun_idg500_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_spm0204ud5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_st-gyro_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_tcm8240md_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_temt6000-sen_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_to-39_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_to-92-kit_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_to-92_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_touch1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_touch2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_tsop8523_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_vcnl4000_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/sparkfun_storage_microsd_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/starter-poti-small_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/stereo-jack-3_5mm-08780_h.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/stereo-jack-3_5mm-PG203J_h.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/switch-4lead.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/teensy_3.1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/thermalprinter_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimmer_2_1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimmer_2_2_hole_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimmer_2_2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimmer_3_1_v_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimmer_3_2_v_hole_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimmer_3_3_p_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimmer_3_4_p_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimmer_smd1_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimmer_smd2_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimpot.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimpot_meggitt_pih.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/tsop312_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/wiring.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/wiringmini_900mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/wiringmini_usb-adapter.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ws2812b_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/xbee_20_2mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/xbeeshield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/10x2-Epaper-Breakout-Board-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/11LC010_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/11LC020_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/11LC040_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/11LC080_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/11LC160_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/16-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/23LCV1024_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC01_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC02_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC04_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC08_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC1025_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC128_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC256_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC32_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC512_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC64_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC010_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC020_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC040_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC080_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC1024_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC128_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC160_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC256_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC320_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC512_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC640_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/3_Axis_Accelerometer_Breakout___MMA8452Q_Sch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/555timerschematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/5DOF-v25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/6DOF-Digital-v10_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/7-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/74HC139N_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/74HC595 Shift Reg Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/74HC595.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/7segment_100_an.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/7segment_100_cat.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/7segment_13_an.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/7segment_13_cat.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/7segment_20,32_an.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/7segment_20,32_cat.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/7segment_56,9_an.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/7segment_56,9_cat.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/7segment_9,9_an.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/7segment_9,9_cat.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/9DoF-Stick-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/A4950_42.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ACS712 Low Current Sensor Board v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AD22100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AD22151.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AD5206_Digital_Potentiometer__1569b6e5e5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AD584.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AD654.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AD8210.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AD8226.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AD8541.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AD8561.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ADMP504.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ADP3300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ADTL082.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ADXL327.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ADXL335_v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ADXL345-BreakoutBoard-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AMPHENOL-ACJS-MHDR_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ATmega644c3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ATtiny85_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Adafruit_Atmega32u4_Breakout.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AlphaNumericDisplay-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Amplified-Mic-Electret-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Analog_Digital_MUX_Breakout_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ArduPilotMega_v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino Nano3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino Voice Shield-v16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino-BLE-LowPower-RevB-final_5_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino-Ethernet-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino-Fio-v22_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino-Mini-v5_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ArduinoBluetoothMatev13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_ADK_MEGA_2560-Rev3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_DUE_V02b_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_Esplora_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_Ethernet_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_Leonardo_Rev3(fix)_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_MEGA_2560-Rev3(fix)_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_Micro_Rev03_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_Motor_Shield_rev3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_Pro_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_bt07_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Ardumoto v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2e.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2p24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2p40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2pe.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2px24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2sx.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BMP085 Breakout-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Barometric_Pressure_Sensor__2eaec138e035.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Battery_block_9V82.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Bean_revE_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Breadboard Power Supply - SMD v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Buzzer-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/CD4048B_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Color-LCD-Shield-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Color_Sensor_Breakout_ADJD_S311_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/DB25F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/DB25M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/DIP_Relay_D31A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/DS1302_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/DS1307_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/DUO_LED_RG_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/DeadOn RTC - DS3234 Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Dial_Potentiometer_with_switch_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Digital_Panel_Meter__Voltage__DMS_20PC__.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Dual_VNH2SP30_Motor_Driver_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/EDGY_Analog_In_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/EDGY_motor_control.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/EasyDriver_v44_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/FRM010_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/FRM050_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/FT230XQ_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/FTDI Basic-v13_3.3v_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/FTDI Basic-v13_lily_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/FTDI Basic-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Fritzing icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Fritzing-donut-logo_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Frode_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Fuse_with_Handler_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/GLCD_128x64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/GPSShield-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/GSM-Quectel_updateTID_2_v1.3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Gas_Sensor_Breakout-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/HCF_406703c.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/HCMS-29xxff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/HEF4094228f.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/HIH-4030_Breakout-v10_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/HMC5883L_Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/HMC6352-v18_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/HTSSOP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Humidity_Sensor_SHT15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Humidity_and_Temperature_Sensor_RHT03_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/IOIO-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/IR_Receiver_v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ISD1932 Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ITG-3200-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Joystick-Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Joystick_Shield-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/L293D_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/L3G4200D-Breakout-v10_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LED_Matrix_Kingbright_TA07-11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LED_Matrix_Kingbright_TC07-11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LED_Prolight_RGB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LICENSE.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LQFP-32_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LQFP-48_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LSM303 breakout board-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LeDeuligne1.1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Level-Converter-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LiPo-USB-Charger-v21_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad Battery-Connect-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad Coincell-Battery-v17_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad SimplePower-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-Accelerometer-v17_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-Button-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-Light Sensor-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-Simple-v25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-Temp-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-XBee-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-slide-switch13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad_Arduino_USB_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad_LED-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Lilypad_PowerSupply-v18_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Lilypad_Vibe_Motor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/M5450_LED_Driver_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/MIDI Music Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/MIDI_Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/MP3 Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/MPR121-Breakout-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Mainboard-v18_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Mega_Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Memoire-1.0_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Modkit Shield-v1a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/MonsterMoto-Shield-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/NCP1400_5V_Step-Up_v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Netduino.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/NetduinoMini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/NetduinoPlus2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/New_Aries_28W_ZIF4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/OBD-II-UART-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/OP37.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/OP482.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Op Amp Breakout-v16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/OpenLog_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Optocoupler_TLP621_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PCF8574.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_08M_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_08_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_14M_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_18A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_18M_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_18X_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_18_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_20M_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_20X2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_28A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_28X1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_28X2_3V_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_28X2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_28X_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_28_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_40X1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_40X2_3V_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_40X2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_40X_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PIC_16F877A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PWM-Shield-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Parallax_Propeller.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Peppermill_Power_Board__a40e6dc7c979bcff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Power Screwshield 1.0a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PowerCell-v13.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PowerDriver-Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PowerIR-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PowerSupply-Lipo-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ProtoShield-Mini-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ProtoShield-v25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Proto_shield_REV3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/QFN-20-0.4MM_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/QFN-24_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/QFN-28_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/QFN-32_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/QFN-36_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/QFN-64_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/RFID_USB_Reader-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/RFM12B_Transceiver_DIP_Package__581e0231.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/RFM12b_HopeRF_Transceiver__9c603c735b502.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/RGB_matrix_v25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/RJ45_TRXCOM2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/RN41-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Real_Time_Clock_Module___DS1307_RTC_Brea.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Rotary_Encoder.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Rotoshield-1.0a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/S1133_Si_Photodiode_Sch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SI4735 Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SN74HC14N_SchmittTrigger_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SN74LS14N_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SN74LS20N_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SN74LS21N_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SN74LS32N_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SN74LVC2G14DBVR_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SO-24W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SO-28W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SO08_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SO16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SO18W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SO20W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SOIC-14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SOIC18-W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SPARKCORE_v1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SSM2212.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SSM2220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SSOP16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SSOP20_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SSOP24_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SSOP28DB_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SSOP48_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/STM32F103_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/STM32_Nucleo_board_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Shield_Eth06-PoE_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Si470x-Eval-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Stepper_Motor_-_Bipolar__schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Stepper_Motor_-_Unipolar__schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/TB6612FNG Breakout v11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/TEMT6000_Breakout-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/TI_Launchpad_MSP430G2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/TMP01.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/TMP102_Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/TPA2000D1_AudioAmplifier_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/TQFP32-5MM_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/TRRS_Breakout-v10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Teensy_2.0_++_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Teensy_2.0_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Teensy_3.0+pads_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Teensy_3.0_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Touch_Shield-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Trackballer-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Tricolor-LED v16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ULN2003A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ULN2803A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/USBHostShield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Udoo_dual_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/WIZ820io_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/WeIO_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/WiFly_Shield-v17_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Wireless_SD_v3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Wiring_Sa99.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/XBee-Regulated-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/acpower.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ad5330 breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/adi_OP27.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/antenna.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/arduinoXbeere_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/arduino_Uno_Rev3(fix)_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/arduino_Uno_Rev3-02-TH_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/arduino_Uno_Rev3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/arduino_Uno_Rev3_schematic_old.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/arduino_Yun(rev1)_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/arduino_uno(rev3)-icsp(1)_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/arduino_uno(rev3)-icsp_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atlas-sientific_Conductivity Circuit_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atlas-sientific_D.O. Circuit_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atlas-sientific_Debugger_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atlas-sientific_ENV-32X_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atlas-sientific_FLO-30 Circuit_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atlas-sientific_ORP Circuit_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atlas-sientific_PWR-SNS_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atlas-sientific_Pre-AssembledFemaleBNC_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atlas-sientific_RJ-11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atlas-sientific_Serial Port Connector_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atlas-sientific_pH Circuit_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atmega168_32pol.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atmega_schematic_8e4b4f3e54f56b3f712afc6a8e6a8a71.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atmega_schematic_8e4b4f3e54f56b3f712afc6a8e6a8a71328.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/audio-jack-4pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/audiojack_breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/avr_icsp_programmer_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/avr_isp_10_pin_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/bareconductive_touchboard_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/basic_fsr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/basic_poti.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/basic_transistor_npn.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/basic_transistor_pnp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/blueIOT_Rc1-final_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/canbus_shield-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/capacitor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/capacitor_polar.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/capacitor_variable_2_legs.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/capacitor_variable_3_legs.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/cellular shield-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/chipkit_BasicIOShield_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/chipkit_MX4_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/chipkit_MotorShield_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/chipkit_WF32_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_arduino_mini_usb_adapter_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_arduino_nano.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_mbed.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_pico.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_wiring.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_wiring_usb_adapter.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_wiringmini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/crystal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/dc_motor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/dc_powersupply.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/dcpower.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/din-5_midi_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/diode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/diode_photo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/diode_schottky.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/diode_tunnel.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/diode_zener.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/dquidio_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/fet_n.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/fet_p.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/freqctrl_oscillator3225_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/gogoboard_4.043282.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ground.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/gs1011_breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/h-bridge_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/inductor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/infrared proximity sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/intel-arduino-galileo_gen2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/intel-arduino-galileo_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/intel_edison-hirosedf40_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/intel_edison_arduinobreakout_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/intel_edison_minibreakout_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/jlpcb-089_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/jlpcb-104_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/jlpcb-128_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/lcd-GDM1602K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ldr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/led-SuperFlux.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/led-rbg-4pin-anode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/led-rbg-4pin-cathode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/led-rbg-flux-4pin-cathode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/led-rgb-4pin-anode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/led-rgb-4pin-cathode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/led-rgb-6pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/led.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/lhi958_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/linino_dogrj45_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/linino_dogusb_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/linino_one(rev1)_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/lm34_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/lm358_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/lm35_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/loudspeaker.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/low_dropout_voltage_regulator_TO220_4_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/mega2560_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/microSD-socket.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/microSD_Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/microphone.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/mp3-trigger-v22_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/new Fritzing icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/optocoupler4n35_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/peltier_element.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/piezo_sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/pinoccio-proto_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/pinoccio_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/power.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/power_plug.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/prefix0000_SFE-10467-v10_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/proto_shield_v6MEGA_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/pushbutton.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/pushbutton4lead.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/quadstep-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/raspberry_pi2_v1.1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/raspberry_pi_a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/raspberry_pi_b+_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/raspberry_pi_rev1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/raspberry_pi_rev2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/raspio_duino_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/red_led_matrix8x8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/reed_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/relay.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/resonator-3pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/rfid_reader_id12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/schematic-arduino-lilypad.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/screwshield-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/servo_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sim908_sim908_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sim928A_sim928A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sodaq_mbili_rev4 (4)_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/solenoid.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_556_timer_dual_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_74hc4051_mux_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_74hc4052_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_74vhc4052_analog_mux_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_acs712_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_ad5330_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_ad725_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_ad7302_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_ad7745_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_ad7781_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_ad9835_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_as3400_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_cd74hc4067_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_ht8950_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_lmv324_mix_3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_lt1014_mix_5_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_ltc6244_mix_7_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_max323_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_max6675_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_mcp41xxx_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_mcp42xxx_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_mcp4725_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_msgeq7_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_ne555_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_op-amp_--1_mix_0_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_op-amp_-_mix_1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_op-amp_-_mix_2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_op-amp_-_mix_6_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_op-amp_-_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_op-amp_-full_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_op-amp_-lm386.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_opamp_2_mix_4_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_pcm1803a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_sn74lv4052apwr_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_ts3a5017_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_tvp5150-ntsc_decoder-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-analogic_x9015_digi_pot_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-boards_wiz811mj_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-boards_xport_direct_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-boards_xport_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_50-pin-centronics_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_atx24-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_audio-jack2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_audio-jack_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_avr_mini_programmer_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_avr_spi_programmer-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_avr_spi_programmer_6_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_avr_spi_programmer_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_banana_conn_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_bc9vpc_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_bnc_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_computer-peripheral-power_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_db25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_dil-28-3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_dil-40-6_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_din7_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_ds_touch_connector_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_eb-85a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_em406_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_em408_con_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_f09g_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_f25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_icsp-pic_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_ipod_connector_female_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_kent_lcd_conn_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_littlebits_female_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_littlebits_male_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_littlebits_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_m04-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_magjack-2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_magjack-poe_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_magjack_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_microb-plug_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_midi_conn_female_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_mma_con_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_obdii_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_pic-iscp-mini_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_powerjack_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_psp_connector_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_psp_touch_connector_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_rca_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_rj45-8_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_screenkeymatingconnector_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_sdcard-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_simholder2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_simholder3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_simholder_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_sma_edge_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_smartcard_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_pad__schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_starboard_pad_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_touch-screen_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_u.fl_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_usb-5pin_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_usb_ab_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_usb_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_usb_shield_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_usdcard_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_watn001001_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_xlr3_ncfah2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-connectors_zune_connector_male_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_23-i_o-2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_23-i_o_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_4vdd4vss_mix_10_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_74157_mix_11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_74595_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_74act125d_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_74ahc1g08_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_74hc04_hex_inverter_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_74lvc138ad_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_a6282_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_at25fs010_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_at45db041b_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_at45db161d_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_atmega128_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_atmega168_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_atmega2560_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_atmega328_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_atmega32u4_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_atmega8u2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_attiny13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_attiny24_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_buffer-dual_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_cp2101_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_cp2103_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_cy7c64215_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_dosonchip-ic_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_dspic30f4011_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_dspic30f6015_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_dspic33fj256gp710_power_mix_8_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_eeprom-i2c_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_enc28j60_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_ep2c20_pq208_pll_mix_9_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_ft2232d_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_ft232r-basic_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_ft232r_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_ft232rq_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_ft245r_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_hef4543_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_icl3232_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_inverter_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_inverting_schmitt_trigger_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_isd1932_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_lpc2103_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_lpc213x_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_m74hc238_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_m74hc4050_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_m93c46_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_max232_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_max3421e-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_max485_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_max7219_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_max7456_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_mbed_nxp_lpc1768_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_mc9s12xs64_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_mcp130_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_mcp2551_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_nand256_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_ncp303lsn09_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_or-single_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_pca9306_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_pcf8575c_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_pic16f688_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_pic16f88-dip_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_pic16f88-ssop_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_pic16f883_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_pic16f913_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_pic18f2550_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_pic24fjxxxdax06_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_pic24hj32gp202_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_pic32mx440f512h_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_pl-2303xa_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_rs485_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_rs485_sp491_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_sc16is750_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_sn74hc251_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_sn74lvc1g08_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_speakjet_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_spi_flash_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_stm811_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_stn1110-qfn_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_stp16cp05_a6282_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_stw5093_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_tc7su04f_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_tja1040td-t_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_tlc5940_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_ubw32_pic32mx4xxl_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_um-fpu_v3_1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_usb3318_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_vs1000_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_vs1002_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_vs1033d_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_vs1103_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_w5100_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_ws2801_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_wtv020sd-20s_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_xc3s250_500e-pq208_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_xmega-a3b_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_xmega_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_xr2206_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-digitalic_xs1-l1-64lqfp_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_bav99_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_cnz1120_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_diode-schottky_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_diode-zener_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_diode_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_gp1a57hr_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_ild213t_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_irf7507_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_irf9410_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_moc3031-m_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_mosfet-nchannel-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_mosfet-pchannel_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_nds8434-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_nds8434_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_npn_mix_13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_npn_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_opto_darlington_6n138-39_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_pnp_mix_12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_pnp_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_schottky_bridge_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_tcmt1103_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_triac_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_tvs_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_v18za2p_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_varistor_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-discretesemi_xn04312_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-1__schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-4digit-youngsun_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-4digit_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-displays_7-segment-display_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-displays_alphanumeric_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-displays_lcd-16x2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-displays_lcd-g12864_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-displays_lcd_backlight_pads_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-displays_lcd_cfax_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-displays_nokia6100_lcd_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_6400gb_heatsink_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_ayz0202_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery-2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_battery_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_button-conductive_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad_1led_mix_15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad_single_mix_14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_buttonpad_single_mix_16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_buzzer_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_capsense_pad_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_encoder-quadrature_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_encoder_led_2-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_encoder_led_3_ca_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-battery_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-connector_cond_03_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_fkit-snap_connector_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_g3vm-61e1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_joystick-psp1000_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_joystick_mini_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_joystick_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_magnet_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_motor_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_n35p112_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_nav_switch_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_pot_mix_17_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_pot_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-solidstate_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-spdt-2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_relay-spdt_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_sewtap_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_speaker_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_spst_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_stand-off_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_sw_dip-2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_sw_dip-8_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_sw_spdt_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-4pdt_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-momentary-2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-momentary_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_switch-sp3t_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_toggle_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_trackball_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_trimpot-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-electromechanical_turret_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-freqctrl_ds1077_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-freqctrl_ds1307_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-freqctrl_ds3234_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-freqctrl_oscillator_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-freqctrl_q_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-freqctrl_resonator_nocap_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-freqctrl_resonator_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-freqctrl_sit8002_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-led-WS2812_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-led_apa3010sf4c_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-led_led-tricolorsmd_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-led_led_bargraph_10_mix_18_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-led_led_ring_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-led_led_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-led_lightpipe-7511_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-led_lte-302_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-led_luxeon_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_cap_adj_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_cap_pol_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_cap_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_fb_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_fuse_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_gnd_connect_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_inductor_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_jumper-2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_jumper-3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_resistor-1_mix_19_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_resistor_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_rpack-bussed-5_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_sj_2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_sj_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-passives_test-point_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_78adj-2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_78adj-3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_78adj_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_78xx_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_a4983_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_adm1087_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_bd10ka5wf-e2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_bq24022_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_dc-dc_converter_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_hv826mg_backlight_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_l298_bridge_driver_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_l298_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_l6470_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_lm2621_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_lm2931_fixed_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_lm2931_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_lm3480im4_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_lm4128-2.5vref_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_lm4871_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_lm5007_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_lm5574_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_lmd1820x_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_lmz14203_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_lt1528_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_ltc3588_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_max1555_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_max1704x_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_max98300_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_max98306_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_mc34063_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_mcp73831_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_mcp73833_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_mcp73842_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_mic2571-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_mic5216-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_ncp1400_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_njm2670_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_pq1cy1032z_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_ptc_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_spx29300_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_sta540_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_tb6612fng_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_tps61040_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_tps61200_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_tps6211__schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_tps62143_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_tps76433dbvt_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_transformer_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_uln2803_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_v-reg-ldo-adj_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_v-reg-ldo_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_vnh2sp30_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-poweric_zxld1360_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_alm-1412_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_antenna2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_antenna_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_atmega128rfa1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_balun_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_bgb203_bluetooth_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_blueradio_br-c40a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_blueradio_br-c40n_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_btm182_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_copernicus-dip_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_copernicus_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_d2523t_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_em406_outline_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_em408_outline_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_emb001_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_et312_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_ge863_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_ge864_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_ge865_2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_ge865_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_gm862_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_gp-2106_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_gr-10_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_gs1011_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_gs406smd_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_id-12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_lassen_iq_gps_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_ls20126_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_mirf_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_mlx90121_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_mn5010hs_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_nrf2401a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_nrf24ap1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_nrf24l01-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_nrf24le1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_nrf24lu1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_nrf24z1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_ns73m_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_rf-link_rx_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_rf-link_tx_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_rf24g_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_rfm22_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_rmcm01_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_rn-131g_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_rn171_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_rn41_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_rs9110-n-11-22_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_si4700_01-gm_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_si470x_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_sm130_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_sm5100b_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_sma661as_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_sup500f_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_tfm-511_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_trf-24g_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_venus634flpx_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_venus638flpx-l_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_wifly_gsx_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_wlanmodule_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_wt32_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_xbee-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_xtend-digi-modem_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-rf_zg2100m_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_admp401_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_admp421_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_adns2610_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_adxl180_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_adxl193_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_adxl330_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_adxl335_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_adxl345_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_adxrs_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_at42qt1012_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_bma180_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_bmp085_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_buzzer_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_camera_cmos_con_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_camera_sfv24r-2st_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_cma3000-a01_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_cma3000-d01_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_dcm01_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_fc30_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_geiger_tube-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_hall-effect_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_hdjd-s822-qr999_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_hih-4030_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_hmc1041z_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_hmc1051z_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_hmc1052l_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_hmc5843_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_hmc5883l_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_hmc6042_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_hmc6343_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_hmc6352_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_idg1215_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_idg300_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_idg500-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_imu3000_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_isl29102_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_isz-500_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_itg-3200_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_ixz500_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_l3g4200d_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_lis302dl_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_lis331-1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_lis3lv02dq_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_lisy300al_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_lm34_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_load_cell_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_lsm303dlh_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_ltr-301_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_ly530al_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_lypr540ah_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_mag3110_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_mcp9700_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_mlx90609_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_mlx90614_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_mma7260_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_mma7361_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_mma8452q_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_mpl115a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_mpl3115a2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_mpr121_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_mq-3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_os4000-t_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_photocell_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_qrd1114_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_qre1113_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_sca1000_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_sca3000_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_scp1000_d01_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_sht1x_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_si1120_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_solarcell_single_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_spm0204ud5_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_st-gyro-pr_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_st-gyro-py_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_tcm8240md_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_temperature-sensor_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_temt6000-sen_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_tmp102_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_tmp36_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_touch_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_tsop8523_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun-sensors_vcnl4000_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/sparkfun_storage_microsd_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/spdt-switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/stereo-jack-3_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/svg.schematic.OP27goofingoff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/teensy_3.1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/thermalprinter_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/thermistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/tilt_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/tmp36_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/tsop312_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/uM_FPUv2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/uM_FPUv3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/usb_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/voltage_regulator_5v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/voltage_regulator_7833.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/voltage_regulator_LM317.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ws2812b_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/xbee.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/xbeeshield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Arduino_Ethernet_Shield__1f9aa78a3d98991.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Arduino_Fio.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Arduino_LilyPad7f6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Arduino_Mini_Proc8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Atmega_168_TQFP32_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Battery_block_9V85.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Breakout_Board_for_microSD_Transflash_v1__breadboard__2af30564c1fde27f27144aa631c413a8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/LED-5mm-blue.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/LED-5mm-green.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/LED-5mm-red.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/LED-5mm-white.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/LED-5mm-yellow.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/LilyPad-Simple-v22_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Lilypad_PowerSupply-v16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/PowerSupply-Lipo-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/RFM12b_HopeRF_Transceiver__9c603c735b502.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/RJ45_TRXCOM_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Stepper_Motor_-_Bipolar__breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Stepper_Motor_-_Unipolar__breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/TI_Launchpad_MSP430G2__ebb2b2673b63f5dd6__breadboard__98696ce55bfaf674ef9c24f01d976248.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/accelerometer-adxl.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/artreeno.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/atmega168.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_diode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_ldr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_relay.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_servo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_transistor_npn.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_transistor_pnp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/batterypack_2xAA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/capacitor_tantalum.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/ceramic_capacitor_blue.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/ceramic_disk_capacitor_ochre.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/ceramic_disk_thermistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/controller_arduino_diecimila.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/controller_arduino_lilypad.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/controller_arduino_mega.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/controller_arduino_mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/controller_arduino_nano.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/controller_arduino_nano_v30.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/controller_arduino_pro_mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/controller_arduino_uno_r3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/crystal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/dc_motor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_1000uF_35v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_100uF_35v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_220uF_35v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_4700uF_35v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_470uF_35v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_47uF_35v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_small.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic_female_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic_female_header_metal_rounded.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic_male_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/inductor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/lcd-screen.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/led-rgb-4pin-anode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/led-rgb-6pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/pot-small.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/raspberry_pi_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/reed_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_1.5k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_100k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_10k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_150k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_15k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_1M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_1k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_2.2k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_220k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_22k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_27k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_3.3k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_33.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_330.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_330k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_33k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_4.7k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_47.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_470.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_470k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_47k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_6.8k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_68.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_680.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_680k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_68k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resonator-2pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resonator-3pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/screw_terminal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/Arduino_Ethernet_Shield__1f9aa78a3d98991.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/Arduino_Fio.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/Arduino_LilyPad3b7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/Arduino_Mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/Arduino_Mini_Prod5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/Atmega_168_TQFP32_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/LED-blue-5mmicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/LED-green-5mmicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/LED-white-5mmicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/LED-yellow-5mmicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/MicroSD_05Sept2012_2__4ee441f0d5b17b985e__icon__2895dc166effb8cc3f68284816882e15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/RJ45_TRXCOM_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/Raspberry_Pi_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/TI_Launchpad_MSP430G2__ebb2b2673b63f5dd6__icon__d5bd55db9735ae6f290efdcaf7dcbe5f.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/accelerometer-adxl.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/arduino_diecimila.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/ceramic_disk_capacitor_ochre_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/controller_arduino_mega.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/electrolytic_capacitor_100uF_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/electrolytic_capacitor_4700uF_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/electrolytic_capacitor_470uF_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/generic_female_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/generic_female_header_metal_rounded.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/generic_male_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/lcd-screen.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/mystery_part_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/pot-small.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_1.5k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_100k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_10k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_150k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_15k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_1M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_1k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_2.2k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_220k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_22k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_27k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_3.3k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_33.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_330.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_330k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_33k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_4.7k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_47.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_470.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_470k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_47k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_6.8k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_68.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_680.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_680k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_68k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/0.125W_Carbon_Resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/0.1_inch_10pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/0.1_inch_2pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/01005.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/0201.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/0402.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/0805_reflow_solder.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/0805_wave_solder.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/1008.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/1206_reflow_solder.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/1210.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/16x1_SMD_jack.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/1806.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/1825.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/1W_Carbon_Resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/2706.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/2mm_8pin_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/3terminal_screw_block.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/72pin45degreeSIMMconnector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ACY1000.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ACY1000P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ACY300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ACY300P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ACY400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ACY400P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ACY500.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ACY500P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ACY600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ACY600P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ACY800.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ACY800P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ADC12138CIMSA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ALF1000.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ALF300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ALF400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ALF500.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ALF600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ALF800.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/AMPHENOL_ARFX1229.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/AMPHENOL_ARFX1230.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/AMPHENOL_ARFX1231.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/AMPHENOL_ARFX1232.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/AXIAL_LAY 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/AXIAL_LAY 400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/AXIAL_LAY 500.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/AXIAL_LAY 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/AXIAL_LAY 800.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Arduino-Fio-v22_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Arduino_Fio.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Arduino_LilyPad4b5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Arduino_Mini_Prod5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Atmega_168_TQFP32_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/BNC_LAY.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/BNX00__Murata.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/BOURNS_3224G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/BOURNS_3224J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/BOURNS_3224W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/BOURNS_3224X.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CANDK_ES01MSABE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CANDK_ES02MSABE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CANDK_ES03MSABE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC0402L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC0402M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC0402N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC0603L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC0603M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC0603N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC1005L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC1005M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC1005N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC1608L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC1608M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC1608N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC2012L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC2012M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC2012N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC3216L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC3216M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC3216N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC3225L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC3225M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC3225N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC4532L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC4532M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC4532N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC4564L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC4564M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPC4564N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-1000P-2000D__Panasonic_UP-Series-TS-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-1000P-2200D__Panasonic_UP-Series-TS-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-1000P-2500D__Panasonic_UP-Series-TS-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-1000P-3000D__Panasonic_UP-Series-TS-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-1000P-3500D__Panasonic_UP-Series-TS-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-200P-500D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-250P-330D-500L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-250P-330D-550L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-250P-350D-550L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-250P-370D-650L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-250P-400D-700L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-250P-450D-700L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-250P-470D-800L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-250P-520D-850L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-250P-550D-950L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-250P-600D-1100L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-250P-630D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-450D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-450D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-500D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-500D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-550D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-550D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-600D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-600D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-630D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-650D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-700D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-760D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-254P-800D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-318P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-318P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-318P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-318P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-318P-550D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-318P-600D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-318P-630D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-318P-760D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-350P-800D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-500P-1000D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-500P-1250D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-500P-750D-1250L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-1000D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-1000D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-1020D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-1020D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-450D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-450D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-450D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-450D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-500D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-500D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-500D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-500D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-550D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-550D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-550D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-600D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-600D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-600D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-630D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-650D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-650D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-700D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-700D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-760D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-800D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-800D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-840D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-840D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-850D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-890D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-890D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-890D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-890D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-900D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-900D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-508P-900D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-635P-1020D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-635P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-635P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-635P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-635P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-635P-550D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-635P-600D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-635P-630D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-635P-760D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-635P-840D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-635P-890D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-635P-890D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-750P-1600D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPPR-750P-1800D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPR-1016P-508W-1270L-1422H__Kemet_C350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPR-254P-254W-381L-533H__Kemet_C315.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPR-254P-318W-508L-660H__Kemet_C320.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPR-508P-254W-381L-584H__Kemet_C317.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPR-508P-318W-508L-660H__Kemet_C322.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPR-508P-318W-508L-813H__Kemet_C323.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPR-508P-381W-1016L-1168H__Kemet_C340.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPR-508P-381W-762L-914H__Kemet_C330.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CAPR-508P-381W-762L-991H__Kemet_C333.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CK05_type_Capacitor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CK06_type_capacitor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONNECTOR 1 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONNECTOR 10 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONNECTOR 2 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONNECTOR 25 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONNECTOR 3 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONNECTOR 4 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONNECTOR 4 3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONNECTOR 5 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONNECTOR 5 3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONNECTOR 6 3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONNECTOR 7 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONNECTOR 8 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONN_JTAG.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CONN_USB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-10C-2R-20N__Sullins_xPxC202LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-11C-2R-22N__Sullins_xPxC222LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-12C-2R-24N__Sullins_xPxC242LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-13C-2R-26N__Sullins_xPxC262LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-14C-2R-28N__Sullins_xPxC282LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-15C-2R-30N__Sullins_xPxC302LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-16C-2R-32N__Sullins_xPxC322LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-17C-2R-34N__Sullins_xPxC342LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-18C-2R-36N__Sullins_xPxC362LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-19C-2R-38N__Sullins_xPxC382LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-20C-2R-40N__Sullins_xPxC402LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-21C-2R-42N__Sullins_xPxC422LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-22C-2R-44N__Sullins_xPxC442LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-23C-2R-46N__Sullins_xPxC462LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-24C-2R-48N__Sullins_xPxC482LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-25C-2R-50N__Sullins_xPxC502LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-26C-2R-52N__Sullins_xPxC522LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-27C-2R-54N__Sullins_xPxC542LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-28C-2R-56N__Sullins_xPxC562LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-29C-2R-58N__Sullins_xPxC582LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-2C-2R-4N__Sullins_xPxC042LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-30C-2R-60N__Sullins_xPxC602LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-3C-2R-6N__Sullins_xPxC062LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-4C-2R-8N__Sullins_xPxC082LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-5C-2R-10N__Sullins_xPxC102LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-6C-2R-12N__Sullins_xPxC122LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-7C-2R-14N__Sullins_xPxC142LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-8C-2R-16N__Sullins_xPxC162LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-9C-2R-18N__Sullins_xPxC182LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-10C-2R-20N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-10C-2R-20N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-11C-2R-22N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-11C-2R-22N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-12C-2R-24N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-12C-2R-24N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-13C-2R-26N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-13C-2R-26N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-14C-2R-28N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-14C-2R-28N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-15C-2R-30N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-15C-2R-30N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-16C-2R-32N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-16C-2R-32N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-17C-2R-34N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-17C-2R-34N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-18C-2R-36N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-18C-2R-36N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-19C-2R-38N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-19C-2R-38N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-20C-2R-40N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-20C-2R-40N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-21C-2R-42N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-21C-2R-42N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-22C-2R-44N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-22C-2R-44N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-23C-2R-46N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-23C-2R-46N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-24C-2R-48N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-24C-2R-48N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-25C-2R-50N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-25C-2R-50N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-26C-2R-52N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-26C-2R-52N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-27C-2R-54N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-27C-2R-54N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-28C-2R-56N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-28C-2R-56N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-29C-2R-58N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-29C-2R-58N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-2C-2R-4N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-2C-2R-4N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-30C-2R-60N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-30C-2R-60N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-3C-2R-6N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-3C-2R-6N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-4C-2R-8N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-4C-2R-8N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-5C-2R-10N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-5C-2R-10N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-6C-2R-12N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-6C-2R-12N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-7C-2R-14N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-7C-2R-14N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-8C-2R-16N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-8C-2R-16N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-9C-2R-18N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-9C-2R-18N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_PAD_STRIP-6N-200P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_PAD_STRIP-6N-254P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON_PIN_STRIP-16N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON__CUI_PJ-202AH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CON__Switchcraft_RN-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CRYSTAL 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CTS_742C_04.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CTS_742C_08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CTS_742C_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CTS_742X_08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CTS_743C_04.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CTS_743C_08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CTS_744C_04.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CTS_744C_08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CTS_745C_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CTS_745X_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CTS_746X_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/CTX169_oscillator.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/D 14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/D 16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/D 18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/D 20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/D 24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/D 28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/D 8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DB15F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DB15M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DB25F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DB25M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DB37F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DB37M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DB9F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DB9M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DFN14_HS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41612C64F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41612C64FS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41612C64M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41612C64MS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41612C96F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41612C96FS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41612C96M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41612C96MS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_10S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_14S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_16S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_20S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_26.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_26S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_34.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_34S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_40S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_50S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_60.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_60S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41651_64S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_612FEMALE ab.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_612FEMALE abc.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_612FEMALE ac.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_612FEMALE_SMALL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_612MALE ab.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_612MALE abc.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_612MALE ac.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_612MALE_SMALL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 26.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 34.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 26.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 34.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIODE_LAY 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIODE_LAY 400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIODE_LAY 500.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIODE_LAY 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIODE_LAY 800.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP14M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP14N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP16M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP16N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP18M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP18N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP20M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP20N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP22M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP22N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP24M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP24N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP28M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP28N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP28W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP30W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP30W_arduino_nano.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP32W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP36.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP36W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP40W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP42.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP42W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP44.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP44W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP48.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP48W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP4N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP64X.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP6N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP8M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP8N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP8W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DO-15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DO-35.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DO-41.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DO214.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DO214AB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DW 24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DW 28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/EIA3216.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/EIA3528.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/EIA6032.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/EIA7343.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Generic_TSOP48_Flash.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HC49.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER10_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER10_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER12_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER12_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER14_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER14_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER16_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER16_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER18_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER18_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER20_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER20_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER22_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER22_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER26_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER26_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER2_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER2_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER30_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER30_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER34_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER34_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER40_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER40_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER4_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER4_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER50_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER50_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER60_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER64_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER64_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER6_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER6_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER8_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEADER8_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/HEPTAWATT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/IND-1016P-635L-241D__API-Delevan-1025.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC0402L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC0402M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC0402N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC1005L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC1005M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC1005N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC1608L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC1608M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC1608N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC2012L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC2012M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC2012N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC2520L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC2520M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC2520N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC3216L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC3216M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC3216N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC3225L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC3225M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC3225N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC4509L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC4509M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC4509N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC4532L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC4532M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/INDC4532N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/IRF_optical_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/IRU1015-33CT_3.3V_reg_TO220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ISA8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/JMP-254P-254Sr-6N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/JMP_SLDR-2N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/JMP_SLDR-3N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LED 100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LED 60.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LED-254P-320D__Kingbright_3mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LED-254P-460D__Kingbright_4mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LED-254P-580D__Kingbright_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LED-red-5mmpcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LED-red-5mmpcb_gen.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LED3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LED5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP100_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP100_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP112_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP120_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP128_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP128_14_EP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP128_R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP144_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP160_24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP176_24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP24_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP32_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP32_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP44_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP48_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP48_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP52_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP64_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP64_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP64_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP72_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP80_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LQFP80_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LilyPad-Simple-v22_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Lilypad_PowerSupply-v16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CA531.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CB518.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CB539.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CD541.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CD542.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CD636.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CD637.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_KK81.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MOLEX_miniFitJr-12pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MONOBLOCK_large.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MPAK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MSOP10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MSOP8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MSP430F1121.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_13.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA100_9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MTA_156 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MULTIWATT11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MULTIWATT15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/MULTIWATT8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/N 14 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/N 16 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/N 18 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/N 20 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/N 24 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/N 24 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/N 28 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/N 28 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/N 32 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/N 40 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/N 64 900.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/N 8 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/NEC19.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_10_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_3_5p4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_4_5p4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_5_5p4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_6p3_5p4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_6p3_5p8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_6p3_7p7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_8_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_8_5p4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OLD_QFP 44 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OPA340_SOT23-5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OPTEK_OVSRWACR6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OSC 1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OSC 10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OSC 12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OSC 16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OSC 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OSC 20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OSC 24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OSC 32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OSC 4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OSC 5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OSC 8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OSC14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/OVEN_OSC 5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PANASONIC_EXB14V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PANASONIC_EXB24V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PANASONIC_EXB28V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PANASONIC_EXB2HV.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PANASONIC_EXB34V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PANASONIC_EXB38V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PANASONIC_EXBS8V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PANASONIC_EXBV4V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PANASONIC_EXBV8V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PCI5V_AVE_HEIGHT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PCI5V_MAX_HEIGHT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PCI5V_MIN_HEIGHT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PCI5V_SMALL_HEIGHT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PENTAWATT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC 44 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC 52 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC 68 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC 84 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC28X.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC32X.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC44.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC44X.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC52.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC68.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC84.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PLCC_SOCKET 44 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PQFP52_10X10 52.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/PowerSupply-Lipo-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Power_Jack.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP100_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP100_R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP120_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP128_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP128_R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP144_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP160_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP2 80 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP208_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP240_32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP304_40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP32_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP44_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP52_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP64_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP64_R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP80_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QFP80_R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QSOP16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QSOP20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QSOP24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/QSOP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RADIAL_CAN 200.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RADIAL_CAN 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RADIAL_CAN 400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RADIAL_CAN 500.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RADIAL_CAN 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY1000.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY1000P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY100P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY200.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY200P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY300P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY400P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY500.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY500P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY600P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY800.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RCY800P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-1000P-630L-240D__Yageo-M-TYPE-25.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-1016P-630L-240D__Yageo-MFR-25.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-1250P-900L-330D__Yageo-M-TYPE-50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-1270P-900L-330D__Yageo-MFR-50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-1500P-1150L-450D__Yageo-M-TYPE100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-1524P-1150L-450D__Yageo-MFR100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-2000P-1550L-500D__Yageo-M-TYPE200.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-2032P-1550L-500D__Yageo-MFR200.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-600P-340L-190D__Yageo-M-TYPE-12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-635P-340L-190D__Yageo-MFR-12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-700P-1150L-450D__Yageo-MR-TYPE100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-700P-1550L-500D__Yageo-MR-TYPE200.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RES-700P-900L-330D__Yageo-MR-TYPE-50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC0402L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC0402M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC0402N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC0603L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC0603M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC0603N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC1005L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC1005M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC1005N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC1608L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC1608M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC1608N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC2012L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC2012M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC2012N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC3216L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC3216M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC3216N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC3225L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC3225M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC3225N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC4532L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC4532M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC4532N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC4564L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC4564M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESC4564N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAV-10N__CTS_745C101-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAV-16N__CTS_742C163-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAV-4N__CTS_742C043-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAV-4N__CTS_743C043-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAV-4N__CTS_744C043-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAV-8N__CTS_741C083-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAV-8N__CTS_742C083-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAV-8N__CTS_743C083-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAV-8N__CTS_744C083-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAX-10N__CTS_745X101-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAX-10N__CTS_746X101-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAX-16N__CTS_741X163-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAX-4N__CTS_740X043-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAX-4N__CTS_741X043-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RESCAX-8N__CTS_741X083-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RJ45_TRXCOM_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RN55_type_0.1W_Resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Raspberry_Pi_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/RightAngleSMA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SC70_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SC70_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SC70_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SC70_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SC90.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SD 20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SD 24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SD 28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SD 40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SDIP18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SDIP20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SDIP22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SDIP24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SDIP30.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SDIP32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SDIP42.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP13.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SIP9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SM0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SM1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMA_VERT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_CHIP 1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_CHIP 1210.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_CHIP 402.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_CHIP 603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_CHIP 805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_DIODE 120 60.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_DIODE 60 30.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_DIODE 80 50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_POLAR 120 50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_POLAR 120 60.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_POLAR 140 90.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_POLAR 240 90.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_POLAR 280 100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_POLAR 60 30.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_POLAR 80 50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_SIMPLE 120 60.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_SIMPLE 60 30.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SMD_SIMPLE 80 50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SME10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SME3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SME4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SME5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SME6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SME8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO14W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO16W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO18M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO18N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO18W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO20M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO20N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO20W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO22M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO24M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO24W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO28W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO32W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO44.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO8M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SO8W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOD106A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOD110.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOD123.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOD323.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOD80.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOD87.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ14_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ14_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ14_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ14_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ16_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ16_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ16_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ16_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ18_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ18_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ18_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ18_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ20_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ20_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ20_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ20_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ22_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ22_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ22_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ22_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ24_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ24_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ24_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ24_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ26_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ26_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ26_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ26_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ28_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ28_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ28_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ28_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ30_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ30_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ30_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ30_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ32_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ32_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ32_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ32_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ34_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ34_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ34_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ34_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ36_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ36_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ36_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ36_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ38_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ38_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ38_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ38_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ40_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ40_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ40_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ40_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ42_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ42_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ42_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ42_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ44_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ44_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ44_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOJ44_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOT-23_Transistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOT143.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOT223.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOT23.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOT23D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOT25.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOT26.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOT323.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOT323D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOT325.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOT326.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SOT89.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SSOP-65P-780L1-28N__LTC_G_Package.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SSOP14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SSOP16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SSOP20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SSOP24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SSOP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SSOP48W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SSOP56W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SSOP64W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SSOP8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SUBD_FEMALE_LAY 15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SUBD_FEMALE_LAY 25.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SUBD_FEMALE_LAY 9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SUBD_MALE_LAY 15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SUBD_MALE_LAY 25.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SUBD_MALE_LAY 9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SW__CK_JS202011CQN.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-02P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-03P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-0402-CAP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-0402-RES_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-04P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-05P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-0603-CAP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-0603-RES_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-0603_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-06P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-07P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-0805_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-08P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1007_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1206_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1210_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-16LPCC_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-16W-RES_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X01NS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X01_2MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X01_LONGPAD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X01_OFFSET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X01_POGOPIN_HOLE_LARGE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X01_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X01_TURRET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X02_BIG_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X02_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X02_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X02_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X02_NO_SILK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X02_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X03_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X03_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X03_NO_SILK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X03_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X04-1.27MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X04-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X04_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X04_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X04_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X04_NO_SILK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X04_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X05-1.27MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X05_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X05_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X05_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X05_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X06-SIP_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X06-SMD-FEMALE-V2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X06-SMD-FEMALE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X06-SMD_EDGE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X06-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X06_FEMALE_LOCK.010_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X06_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X06_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X06_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X06_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X07_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X07_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X07_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X07_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X08_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X08_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X08_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X08_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X09_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X09_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X09_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X09_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X10-2MM-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X10-2MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X10_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X10_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X10_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X11-1.27MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X11_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X11_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X11_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X11_SMD_PTHCOMBO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X11_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X12-2MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X12_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X12_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X12_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X12_MACHINE-PIN-HEADER_LOCK.004_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X12_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X13-LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X13_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X14-LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X14_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X14_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X14_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X15_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X15_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X15_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X16_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X16_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X16_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X16_MACHINE-PIN-HEADER_LOCK.004_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X17_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X18_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X19_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X20_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X20_LOCK_SPECIAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X20_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X24_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X24_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X25_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X25_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X25_LONGPAD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X25_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-1X27_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X03_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X10_LOCK_SPECIAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X10_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X10_NOSILK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X10_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X12_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X26_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X3-NS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X3_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X3_OFFSET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X4_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X5-NS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X5-RAF_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X5-RA_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X5-SHROUDED_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X5-SHROUDED_SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X5-SHROUDED_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2X8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-2_LEAD_RESONATOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-3.3V-DEVICE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-3362U-2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-3362U_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-6400BG_HEATSINK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-7-SEGMENT-1PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-7-SEGMENT-4DIGIT-YOUNGSUN-LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-7-SEGMENT-4DIGIT-YOUNGSUN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-7-SEGMENT-4DIGIT_LONGPADS_FOR_POGOBED_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-7-SEGMENT-4DIGIT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-7-SEGMENT-DISPLAY_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-78XXL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-8-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ADJD-S371_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ADMP401_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ADXL180_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ADXL193_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ADXLXXX_E8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ALM-1412_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ALPS_POT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ANTENNA-CHIP2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ANTENNA-CHIP3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ANTENNA-CHIP4_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ANTENNA-CHIP5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ANTENNA-CHIP6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ANTENNA-CHIP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ARDUINO-OUTLINE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ATARI_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ATX24_RIGHT_ANGLE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-AUDIO-JACK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-AVR_ICSP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-AVR_MINI_PROG_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-AXIAL-0.3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-AXIAL-5MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-AYZ0202_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-B82462G_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-B82464-A4_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BALUN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BANANA_CONN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BATTCOM_20MM_PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BATTCON_12MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BATTCON_20MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BATTCON_245MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BATTERY-AA-PANEL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BATTERY-AAA_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BATTERY-AA_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BATTERY_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BATT_245MM_TABS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BC-32_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BGB203_ORIGINAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BGB203_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BLUERADIO_BR-C40A_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BLUERADIO_BR-C40N_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BLUETOOTH-INTERNAL-FP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BLUETOOTH-SMD-FP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BMP085_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BNC_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BREADBOARD-MINI_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTON-10MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTON-18MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTON-CONDUCTIVE-0.1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTON-CONDUCTIVE-MINI_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTON-CONDUCTIVE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTONPAD-1X1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTONPAD-2X2-SPECIAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTONPAD-2X2SINGLE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTONPAD-2X2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTONPAD-4X4-SPECIAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTONPAD-4X4_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUZZER-12MM-NS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUZZER-12MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUZZER-CCV_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUZZER-CMT1102_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-BUZZER-CMT1603_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-C0402_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CAMERA_CMOS_CON_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CAMERA_CMOS_PLUG_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CAMERA_SFV24R-2ST_2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CAMERA_SFV24R-2ST_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CAP-PTH-5MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CAP-PTH-LARGE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CAP-PTH-SMALL2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CAP-PTH-SMALL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CDRH125_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CDRH3D28_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CFAX_COMBO_CON_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CFAX_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CMA3000-A01_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CMA3000_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CNZ1120_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-COOPER_UP4B_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-COPERNICUS-DIP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-COPERNICUS-TRIMBLE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-COPERNICUS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CPOL-RADIAL-1000UF-25V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CPOL-RADIAL-1000UF-63V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CPOL-RADIAL-100UF-25V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CPOL-RADIAL-10UF-25V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CR54_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CR75_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-32KHZ-SMD_EPSON_MC146_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-32KHZ-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-OSC-SMD-5X3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-SMD-10.5X4.8-2PIN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-SMD-5X3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-SMD-7.5X5.2-6PIN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-SMD-7X5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DB9_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DC-DC_CONVERTER_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIL06_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIL08_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIL14_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIL16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIL18_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIL28-3-SIMON_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIL28-3-ZIF_SOCKET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIL28-3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIL40-6-ZIF_SOCKET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIL40_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIN7_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIN_5_FEMALE_SUPPORT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIN_5_FEMALE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIODE-1N4001_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIODE-1N4148_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIODE-HV_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIODE-ZENER_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIP08_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIPSWITCH-02_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DIPSWITCH-08_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DOIDE-DO-214_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DPAK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DS_TOUCH_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DUEMILANOVE_SHIELD_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DUEMILANOVE_SHIELD_NOHOLES_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DUEMILANOVE_SHIELD_NOLABELS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DUEMILANOVE_SHIELD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-DUEMILANOVE_VIAS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-EB-85A_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-EG2211_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-EIA3216_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-EIA3528_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-EIA7343_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-EM406_OUTLINE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-EM406_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-EM408_CON_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-EM408_OUTLINE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-EMB001_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ES_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ET-301_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ET312_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-F25D_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-F25HP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-F25H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-F25VB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-F25VP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-F25V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-FFC_16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-FIDUCIAL-1.5X3_BOTTOM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-FIDUCIAL-1.5X3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-FIDUCIAL-1X2.5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-FIDUCIAL-1X2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-FIDUCIAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-FUNNEL_LOGO_BOTTOM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-FUNNEL_LOGO_BOTTOM_V2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-FUSE_5MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-G3VM-61E1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-GE863_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-GE864_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-GE865_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-GEIGER_TUBE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-GND_CONNECT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-GP1A57HR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-GR-10_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-GRM43D_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-GS406SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-HC49U-H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-HC49U-V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-HC49UP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-HC49US_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-HIH-4030_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-HMC1041Z_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-HMC1051Z3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-HMC1051Z_2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-HMC1051Z_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-HMC6042_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-HTCUSB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ID-12_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ID-12_SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ID-12_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-IDG300_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-IDG500_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-INDUCTOR-0603_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-INDUCTOR-1206_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-IPOD_FEMALE_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-IPOD_MALE_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-JOYSTICK-PSP1000_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-JOYSTICK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-KSA_SEALED_TAC_SWITCH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LASSEN_IQ_GPS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LCC20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LCC24_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LCC36_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LCD-16X2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LCD-G12864_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LCD_BACKLIGHT_PADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LCD_CFAX_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LED-0402_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LED-0603_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LED-1206_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LED-TRICOLOR-PTH-SQUARE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LED-TRICOLOR-PTH_SPECIAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LED-TRICOLOR-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LED-TRICOLOR-THROUGHHOLE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LED10MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LED3MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LED5MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LFCSP-16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LGA12_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LGA14_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LGA16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LGA28-5X5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LGA28L_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LGA28_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LGA44_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LIGHTPIPE-7511_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LIPO-100_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LIPO-1100MAH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LIPO-1100_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LIPO-2000_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LIS331_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LITTLEBITS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LITTLE_BITS_FEMALE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LITTLE_BITS_MALE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LPCC20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LQFP-32_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LQFP-48_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LQFP32_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LUXEON-PAD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LUXEON-REBEL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-LUXEON_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-M25D_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-M25HP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-M25H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-M25VB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-M25VP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-M25V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MAGJACK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MAGNET-18MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MEMS-MIC_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MIC-9.7MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MICRO-B-RA-SMT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MICRO-SD-SOCKET-PP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MICRO-SDCARD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MINI-DIN6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MIRF_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MLF32_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MLP-24_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MLP28_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MLX90609_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MMA7260_REV_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MMA7260_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MN5010HS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X2_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X3_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X4_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X4_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X6-RA_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X6-RA_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X6_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MOTOR_MOUNT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MPL115A_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MQ-3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MSOP-10-GNDPAD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MSOP-8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MSOP8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MSS12_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MSS22_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MULTIWATT15V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MULTIWATT15_6400BGHEATSINK_2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MULTIWATT15_6400BGHEATSINK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MULTIWATT15_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-MULTIWATT15_YB324GHEATSINK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-NAV_SWITCH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-NEW_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-NIPPON_F80_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-NOKIA6100_LCD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-NRF24Z1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-NS73M_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-NUBBIN_LOCKER_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-OBDII_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ODFN6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-OPENSERVO_VIA_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-OS4000-T_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-OS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PAD-1.5X4.5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PAD.02X.02_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PAD.03X.03_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PAD.03X.05_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PANASONIC_C_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PANASONIC_D_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PANASONIC_E_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PANASONIC_G_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PANASONIC_H13_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PHOTOCELL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PIC-ICSP-MINI_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PLASTIC_SMALL_OUTLINE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-POT_ALPHA_RV16AF-20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-POWERSO20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-POWER_JACK_PTH_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-POWER_JACK_PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-POWER_JACK_SLOT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-POWER_JACK_SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PQ208_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PQFP208_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PSP_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PSP_TOUCH_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PTC-1206_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-PTC_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-Q5-DD_SPX29300_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-Q5-DD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-20-0.4MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-24-USB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-24_ALT1.PAC_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-24_ALT1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-24_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-28_6X8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-28_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-32_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-36_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-64_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QFN20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QRD1114_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-QRE1113_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-R2010_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-R2512_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RCA_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RCA_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RELAY-G5Q_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RELAY-G5V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RELAY-T9A-2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RELAY-T9A_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RESONATOR-PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RESONATOR-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RESONATOR-WIDE-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RESONATOR_NOCAP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RF24G-2X5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RFM22-XXX-S2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RJ11-6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RJ45-8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RJ9_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RMCM01_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RN-131G_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-RN41_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-R_SW_TH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-S2B-PH-VERTICAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-S2B-PH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-S4B-PH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SC70-6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SC70_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCA1000_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCA3000_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCP1000-LG_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCP1000_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCREENKEY-TFT128_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCREENKEYMATINGCONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-2_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-3_LOCK.007S_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-4_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-5MM-2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SD-MMC-CARD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SD-MMC_SOCKET-PP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SFE-LOGO-FLAME-LARGE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SFE-LOGO-FLAME_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SFE-LOGO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SFE-NEW-WEBLOGO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SFE-NEW-WEB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SHT1X_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SI470001-GM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SIMHOLDER2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SIMHOLDER3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SIMHOLDER_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SIT8002_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SJ-NC_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SJ-NO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SJW_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_2S-NOTRACE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_2S-NO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_2S-TRACE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_2S_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_2W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_3_PASTE1&2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_3_PASTE2&3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SLIDER_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SM5100B-SPECIAL_FOR_TESTING_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SM5100B_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SMA-DIODE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SMA-EDGE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SMARTCARD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SMB-DIODE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SMTSO-256-ET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO-18W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO-24DW_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO-24W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO-28W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO014_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO016_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO018_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO08-GW_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO08WIDE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO08_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO16L_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO18L_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO18W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO20W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SO28-EIAJ_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOD-323_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOD323-W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOIC-14_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOIC-18_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOIC-28_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOIC18-W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOLARBIT-12X1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOT-23-6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOT223_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOT23-3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOT23-5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOT23-6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOT23_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOT363_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOT563_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOT666_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SOT89_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SPARKFUN_1X02_NO_SILK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SPARKFUN_IDG500_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SPARKFUN_MOLEX-1X6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SPARKFUN_TACTILE_SWITCH_SMD-2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SPM0204UD5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SQFP-S-10X10-64-XS1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SQFP-S-10X10-64_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SSOP16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SSOP20-LONG_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SSOP20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SSOP24_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SSOP28DB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SSOP48_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ST-GYRO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-STAND-OFF-TIGHT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-STAND-OFF_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SWITCH-4PDT-CNK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SWITCH-SPDT-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SWITCH-SPDT_LOCK.007S_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SWITCH-SPDT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SWITCH-SPST-VERTICAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-SWITCHE-DPDT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TACTILE-PTH-12MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TACTILE-PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TACTILE-SWITCH-1101NE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TACTILE_SWITCH_SMD-2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TACTILE_SWITCH_SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TC26H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TC38H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TCM8240MD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TEMT6000-SEN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TFM-511_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TO-220-11LEAD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TO-39_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TO-92_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TO-PMOD-7_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TO220-ADJ_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TO220-IGO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TO220V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TO220_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TOUCH-SCREEN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TOUCH1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TOUCH2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP-100-12X12MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP-100-14X14MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP32-08_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP32-5MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP44_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP64_14X14MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP64_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TRACKBALL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TRANSFORMER_SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TRANSFORMER_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TRF-24G-SOCKET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TRIMPOT-3MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TRIMPOT_PTH_S3_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TRIM_POT_PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TRIM_POT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TSOP48_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TSOP8523_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP28-GROUNDPAD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP28_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP30_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-TVSOP-16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-U.FL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-UBW32_TQFP100_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-USB-A-H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-USB-A-PCB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-USB-B-H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-USB-B-PTH-VERTICAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-USB-B-PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-USB-B-SMT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-USB-MB-H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-USB-MICROB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-USB-MINIB-OLD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-USB-MINIB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-USD-SOCKET-PP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-V18ZA2P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-VIBE-MOTOR-10MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-VISHAY_C_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-WIFLY_GSX_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-WLANMODULE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-WT32_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-XBEE-1_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-XBEE-1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-XBEE-SILK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-XBEE-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-XPORT_DIRECT_MODULE-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-XPORT_DIRECT_MODULE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-XPORT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-XTEND-DIGI-MODEM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-YB324G_HEATSINK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ZG2100M_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ZIF_18POS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun-ZUNE_CONNECTOR_MALE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/SparkFun___Breakout_Board_for_microSD_Tr__pcb__4408c32b908370887f85acfa3d18cb5c.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Stepper_Motor_-_Bipolar__pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Stepper_Motor_-_Unipolar__pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/StrongARM_CPU.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/T1.75_LED.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/T1.75_LED_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TANT_A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TANT_B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TANT_C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TANT_D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TI_Launchpad_MSP430G2__ebb2b2673b63f5dd6__pcb__dc852d1a041bd74f567f3fc8d950cecd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TK11950.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO126.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO126S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO126SW.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO126W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO218.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO220ACS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO220ACSTAND.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO220S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO220SW.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO220W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO247.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO247_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO251.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO264.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO39.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TO99fromLED.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP100_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP100_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP120_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP128_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP128_14_EP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP128_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP144_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP160_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP208_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP240_32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP304_40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP32_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP44_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP52_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP64_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP64_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP80_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TQFP80_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSOP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSOP32A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSOP32B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP38N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP48.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP48N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP56.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP56N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP80.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/TSSOP8W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/UART.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/US14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/US16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/US8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ZIF 16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ZIF 20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ZIP12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ZIP16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ZIP18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ZIP20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ZIP24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ZIP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ZIP40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/ZIP9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/artreeno.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/axial_lay_300mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/axial_lay_400mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/axial_lay_500mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/axial_lay_600mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/axial_lay_800mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/dip_double_row_16_500mil_700mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.DIP14M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.DIP16M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.DIP18M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.DIP20M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.DIP22M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.DIP24M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.DIP24N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.DIP28M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.DIP28N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.DIP8M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.JUMPER9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.T1.75_LED.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/from.contrib.TO92.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper2-3_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper3-200mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper3-3_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/monoblock_small.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pc104+.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pc104.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb-arduino-diecimila.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb-arduino-mega-fp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb-arduino-mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb-arduino-uno-R3-fp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb_100x160mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb_150x200mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb_200x300mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb_250x250mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb_60x100mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb_75x100mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/peltier_sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pq100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pq128.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pq144.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pq160.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pq208.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pq240.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pq304.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pq32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pq44.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/radial_can_200mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/radial_can_300mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/radial_can_400mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/radial_can_500mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/radial_can_600mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/resistor-025W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/smt0402.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/smt0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/smt0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/smt1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/smt1210.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/smt1913.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/smt2416.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/sparkfun-sensors_qrb1114-side_pcb_obs.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/stereo-jack-3_5mm-PG203J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/test_filter.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/to92.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.10x2-Epaper-Breakout-Board-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.11LC010_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.11LC020_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.11LC040_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.11LC080_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.11LC160_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.16-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.24LC01_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.24LC02_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.24LC04_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.24LC08_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.24LC1025_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.24LC128_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.24LC16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.24LC256_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.24LC32_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.24LC512_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.24LC64_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.25LC010_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.25LC020_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.25LC040_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.25LC080_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.25LC1024_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.25LC128_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.25LC160_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.25LC256_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.25LC320_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.25LC512_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.25LC640_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.3_Axis_Accelerometer_Breakout___MMA8452Q_Sch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.555timerschematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.5DOF-v25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.6DOF-Digital-v10_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.7-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.74HC595 Shift Reg Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.74HC595.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.7segment_100_an.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.7segment_100_cat.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.7segment_13_an.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.7segment_13_cat.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.7segment_20,32_an.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.7segment_20,32_cat.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.7segment_56,9_an.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.7segment_56,9_cat.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.7segment_9,9_an.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.7segment_9,9_cat.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.9DoF-Stick-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ACS712 Low Current Sensor Board v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.AD5206_Digital_Potentiometer__1569b6e5e5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ADXL335_v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ADXL345-BreakoutBoard-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ATmega644c3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ATtiny85_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Adafruit_Atmega32u4_Breakout.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.AlphaNumericDisplay-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Amplified-Mic-Electret-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ArduPilotMega_v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino Nano3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino Voice Shield-v16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino-Ethernet-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino-Fio-v22_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino-Mini-v5_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino-Pro-Mini-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ArduinoBluetoothMatev13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino_ADK_MEGA_2560-Rev3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino_DUE_V02b_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino_Esplora_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino_Ethernet_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino_Leonardo_Rev3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino_MEGA_2560-Rev3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino_Micro_Rev03_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino_Motor_Shield_rev3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino_Pro_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Arduino_bt07_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Ardumoto v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.BASIC_Stamp_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.BASIC_Stamp_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.BASIC_Stamp_2e.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.BASIC_Stamp_2p24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.BASIC_Stamp_2p40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.BASIC_Stamp_2pe.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.BASIC_Stamp_2px24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.BASIC_Stamp_2sx.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.BMP085 Breakout-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Barometric_Pressure_Sensor__2eaec138e035.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Battery_block_9V82.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Breadboard Power Supply - SMD v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Buzzer-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Color-LCD-Shield-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Color_Sensor_Breakout_ADJD_S311_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.DB25F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.DB25M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.DIP_Relay_D31A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.DS1302_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.DS1307_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.DeadOn RTC - DS3234 Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Dial_Potentiometer_with_switch_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Digital_Panel_Meter__Voltage__DMS_20PC__.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Dual_VNH2SP30_Motor_Driver_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.EDGY_Analog_In_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.EDGY_motor_control.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.EasyDriver_v44_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.FRM010_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.FRM050_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.FTDI Basic-v13_3.3v_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.FTDI Basic-v13_lily_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.FTDI Basic-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Fritzing icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Fritzing-donut-logo_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Fuse_with_Handler_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.GLCD_128x64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.GPSShield-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.GSM-Quectel_updateTID_2_v1.3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Gas_Sensor_Breakout-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.HCF_406703c.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.HCMS-29xxff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.HEF4094228f.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.HIH-4030_Breakout-v10_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.HMC5883L_Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.HMC6352-v18_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.HTSSOP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Humidity_Sensor_SHT15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Humidity_and_Temperature_Sensor_RHT03_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.IOIO-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.IR_Receiver_v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ISD1932 Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ITG-3200-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Joystick-Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Joystick_Shield-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.L293D_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.L3G4200D-Breakout-v10_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LED_Matrix_Kingbright_TA07-11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LED_Matrix_Kingbright_TC07-11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LED_Prolight_RGB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LQFP-32_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LQFP-48_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LSM303 breakout board-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LeDeuligne1.1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Level-Converter-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LiPo-USB-Charger-v21_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LilyPad Battery-Connect-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LilyPad Coincell-Battery-v17_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LilyPad SimplePower-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LilyPad-Accelerometer-v17_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LilyPad-Button-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LilyPad-Light Sensor-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LilyPad-Simple-v25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LilyPad-Temp-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LilyPad-XBee-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LilyPad-slide-switch13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LilyPad_Arduino_USB_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.LilyPad_LED-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Lilypad_PowerSupply-v18_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Lilypad_Vibe_Motor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.M5450_LED_Driver_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.MIDI Music Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.MIDI_Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.MP3 Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Mainboard-v18_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Mega_Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Memoire-1.0_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Modkit Shield-v1a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.MonsterMoto-Shield-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.NCP1400_5V_Step-Up_v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Netduino.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.NetduinoMini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.New_Aries_28W_ZIF4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.OBD-II-UART-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Op Amp Breakout-v16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.OpenLog_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Optocoupler_TLP621_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PCF8574.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_08M_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_08_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_14M_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_18A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_18M_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_18X_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_18_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_20M_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_20X2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_28A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_28X1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_28X2_3V_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_28X2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_28X_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_28_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_40X1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_40X2_3V_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_40X2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PICAXE_40X_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PIC_16F877A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PWM-Shield-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Parallax_Propeller.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Peppermill_Power_Board__a40e6dc7c979bcff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Power Screwshield 1.0a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PowerDriver-Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PowerIR-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.PowerSupply-Lipo-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ProtoShield-Mini-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ProtoShield-v25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Proto_shield_REV3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.QFN-20-0.4MM_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.QFN-24_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.QFN-28_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.QFN-32_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.QFN-36_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.QFN-64_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.RFID_USB_Reader-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.RFM12B_Transceiver_DIP_Package__581e0231.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.RFM12b_HopeRF_Transceiver__9c603c735b502.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.RGB_matrix_v25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.RJ45_TRXCOM_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.RN41-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Real_Time_Clock_Module___DS1307_RTC_Brea.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Rotary_Encoder.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Rotoshield-1.0a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.S1133_Si_Photodiode_Sch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SI4735 Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SN74HC14N_SchmittTrigger_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SN74LS14N_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SN74LS20N_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SN74LS21N_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SN74LS32N_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SO-24W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SO-28W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SO08_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SO16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SO18W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SO20W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SOIC-14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SOIC18-W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SSOP16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SSOP20_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SSOP24_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SSOP28DB_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.SSOP48_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.STM32F103_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Shield_Eth06-PoE_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Si470x-Eval-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Stepper_Motor_-_Bipolar__schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Stepper_Motor_-_Unipolar__schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.TEMT6000_Breakout-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.TI_Launchpad_MSP430G2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.TMP102_Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.TPA2000D1_AudioAmplifier_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.TQFP32-5MM_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Teensy_2.0_++_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Teensy_2.0_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Teensy_3.0+pads_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Teensy_3.0_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Touch_Shield-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Trackballer-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Tricolor-LED v16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ULN2003A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ULN2803A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.USBHostShield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.WIZ820io_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.WiFly_Shield-v17_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Wireless_SD_v3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.Wiring_Sa99.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.XBee-Regulated-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.acpower.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ad5330 breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.antenna.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.arduinoXbeere_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.arduino_Uno_Rev3(fix)_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.arduino_Uno_Rev3-02-TH_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.arduino_Uno_Rev3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.arduino_Uno_Rev3_schematic_old.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.arduino_uno(rev3)-icsp_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atlas-sientific_Conductivity Circuit_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atlas-sientific_D.O. Circuit_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atlas-sientific_Debugger_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atlas-sientific_ENV-32X_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atlas-sientific_FLO-30 Circuit_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atlas-sientific_ORP Circuit_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atlas-sientific_PWR-SNS_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atlas-sientific_Pre-AssembledFemaleBNC_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atlas-sientific_RJ-11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atlas-sientific_pH Circuit_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atmega168_32pol.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atmega_schematic_8e4b4f3e54f56b3f712afc6a8e6a8a71.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.atmega_schematic_8e4b4f3e54f56b3f712afc6a8e6a8a71328.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.audio-jack-4pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.audiojack_breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.avr_isp_10_pin_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.basic_fsr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.basic_poti.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.basic_transistor_npn.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.basic_transistor_pnp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.canbus_shield-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.capacitor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.capacitor_polar.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.capacitor_variable_2_legs.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.capacitor_variable_3_legs.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.cellular shield-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.controller_arduino_mini_usb_adapter_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.controller_arduino_nano.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.controller_mbed.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.controller_pico.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.controller_wiring.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.controller_wiring_usb_adapter.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.controller_wiringmini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.crystal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.dc_motor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.dc_powersupply.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.dcpower.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.din-5_midi_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.diode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.diode_photo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.diode_schottky.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.diode_tunnel.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.diode_zener.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.fet_n.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.fet_p.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.gogoboard_4.043282.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ground.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.gs1011_breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.h-bridge_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.inductor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.infrared proximity sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.jlpcb-089_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.jlpcb-104_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.jlpcb-128_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.lcd-GDM1602K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.ldr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.led-SuperFlux.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.led-rgb-4pin-anode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.led-rgb-4pin-cathode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.led-rgb-6pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.led.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.lm34_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.lm358_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.lm35_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.loudspeaker.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.low_dropout_voltage_regulator_TO220_4_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.mega2560_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.microSD-socket.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.microSD_Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.microphone.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.mp3-trigger-v22_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.new Fritzing icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.optocoupler4n35_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.peltier_element.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.piezo_sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.power.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.power_plug.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.proto_shield_v6MEGA_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.pushbutton.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.pushbutton4lead.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.quadstep-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.raspberry_pi_a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.raspberry_pi_rev1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.raspberry_pi_rev2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.reed_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.relay.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.resonator-3pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.rfid_reader_id12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.schematic-arduino-lilypad.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.screwshield-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.servo_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.solenoid.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.spdt-switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.stereo-jack-3_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.thermalprinter_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.thermistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.tilt_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.tmp36_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.tsop312_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.uM_FPUv2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.uM_FPUv3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.usb_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.voltage_regulator_5v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.voltage_regulator_7833.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.voltage_regulator_LM317.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.xbee.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.xbeeshield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/Arduino_Ethernet_Shield__1f9aa78a3d98991.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/Arduino_Fio.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/Arduino_Leonardo_Rev3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/Arduino_LilyPad7f6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/Arduino_MEGA_2560-Rev3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/Arduino_Mini_Prod5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/Atmega_168_TQFP32_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/LilyPad-Simple-v22_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/Lilypad_PowerSupply-v16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/PowerSupply-Lipo-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/RJ45_TRXCOM_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/SparkFun___Breakout_Board_for_microSD_Tr__schematic__58c25f18f1c08d677072cd8301438167.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/TI_Launchpad_MSP430G2__ebb2b2673b63f5dd6__schematic__757b16f66078595db54ede6cdf9a8d2a.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/accelerometer-adxl.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/artreeno.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/atmega168_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/cell.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/controller_arduino_mega.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/controller_arduino_mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/controller_arduino_pro_mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic_female_terminal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic_male_terminal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/lcd-screen.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/raspberry_pi_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/schematic-arduino-diecimila.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/schematic-arduino-diecimila_old.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/schematic-arduino-uno-r3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/screw_terminal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/breadboard/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/breadboard/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/icon/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/icon/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/pcb/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/pcb/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/schematic/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/schematic/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/parts/user/
share/fritzing/parts/user/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/pdb/
share/fritzing/pdb/contrib/
share/fritzing/pdb/contrib/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/pdb/core/
share/fritzing/pdb/core/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/pdb/obsolete/
share/fritzing/pdb/obsolete/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/pdb/user/
share/fritzing/pdb/user/placeholder.txt
share/fritzing/resources/
share/fritzing/resources/bins/
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Arduino-mono.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Arduino.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Contrib-mono.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Contrib.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Core-mono.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Core.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Custom1-mono.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Custom1.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Lilypad-mono.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Lilypad.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Mine-mono.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Mine.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/PICAXE-mono.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/PICAXE.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Parallax-mono.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Parallax.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Pololu-mono.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Pololu.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Search.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Snootlab-mono.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Snootlab.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/SparkFun-mono.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/SparkFun.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Temp-mono.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/icons/Temp.png
share/fritzing/resources/bins/my_parts.fzb
share/fritzing/resources/bins/order.xml
share/fritzing/resources/bins/pe.fzb
share/fritzing/resources/bins/search.fzb
share/fritzing/resources/bins/temp.fzb
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/DroidSans-Bold.ttf
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/DroidSans.ttf
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/DroidSansMono.ttf
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/NOTICE
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/OCRA.ttf
share/fritzing/resources/images/
share/fritzing/resources/images/AboutBoxLogoShield.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/aboutbox_CC.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/aboutbox_FHP.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/aboutbox_scrollfade.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/breadboard_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/bendleg.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/bendleg_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/bendpoint.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/bendpoint_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/curve.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/curve_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/magic_wand.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/magic_wand_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/make_wire.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/make_wire_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/new_bendpoint.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/new_bendpoint_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/part_move.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/part_move_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/rotate.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/rotate_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/rubberband_move.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/rubberband_move_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/scale.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/scale_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/spot_face_cutter.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/spot_face_cutter_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/dot.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/fritzing_icon.icns
share/fritzing/resources/images/fritzing_icon.ico
share/fritzing/resources/images/fritzing_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/fritzing_logo_background.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/helpImageBreadboard.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/helpImagePCB.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/helpImageSchematic.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icon_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabScrollArrowButtonDownNormal.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabScrollArrowButtonDownPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabScrollArrowButtonLeftNormal.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabScrollArrowButtonLeftPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabScrollArrowButtonRightNormal.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabScrollArrowButtonRightPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabScrollArrowButtonUpNormal.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabScrollArrowButtonUpPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetBreadboardActive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetBreadboardHover_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetBreadboardInactive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetCodeActive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetCodeHover_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetCodeInactive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetPcbActive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetPcbHover_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetPcbInactive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetSchematicActive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetSchematicHover_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetSchematicInactive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetWelcomeActive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetWelcomeHover_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/TabWidgetWelcomeInactive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/Toolbar_Icon_Order.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/WS-blogLogo.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/WS-fabLogo.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/WS-fzz-icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/WS-galleryLogo.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/WS-new-icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/WS-open-icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/WS-shopLogo.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/arrowButtonDown.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/arrowButtonLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/arrowButtonRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/arrowButtonUp.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/asterisk.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/check.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/checkactive.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/checkhover.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/combobox-arrow.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetCloseHover_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetCloseNormal_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetClosePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetCollapseHover_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetCollapseNormal_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetCollapsePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetEmpty_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetFloatHover_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetFloatNormal_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetFloatPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/fabquote_button_hover.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/fabquote_button_press.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/fabquote_button_release.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/noArrow_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/nocheck.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/noicon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/noteResizeGrip.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinCombinedMenuHover_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinCombinedMenuPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinCombinedMenu_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomInEnabled.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomInFocus.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomInHorButton.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomInPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomInVerButton.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomOutEnabled.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomOutFocus.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomOutHorButton.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomOutPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomOutVerButton.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/parts_plural_v3_plur.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/parts_plural_v3_sing.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/searchField.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/segmentedSwitcherXActiveDimmed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/segmentedSwitcherXActiveFocus.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/segmentedSwitcherXActiveFocusHover.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/segmentedSwitcherXInactiveDimmed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/segmentedSwitcherXInactiveFocus.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/segmentedSwitcherXInactiveFocusHover.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/smalToolarrow-inactive.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/smalToolarrow-normal.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/smalToolarrow-pressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/spinArrowButtonDownNormal.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/spinArrowButtonDownPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/spinArrowButtonUpNormal.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/spinArrowButtonUpPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerBDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerBEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerBPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerTDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerTEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerTPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarAdHocPartDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarAdHocPartPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarAdHocPart_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarAutorouteDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarAutorouteEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarAutoroutePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarDiyDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarDiyEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarDiyPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarEditPartDisabled_toolbar_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarEditPartEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_diy_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_gbr_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_gbx_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_jpeg_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_pdf_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_png_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_ps_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarFlipDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarFlipEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarFlipPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarMonitorCodeDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarMonitorCodeEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarMonitorCodePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarNewCodeDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarNewCodeEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarNewCodePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarNotesDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarNotesEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarNotesPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarOpenCodeDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarOpenCodeEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarOpenCodePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarOrderBG_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarOrderDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarOrderEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarOrderPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarPastie_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarProgramCodeDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarProgramCodeEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarProgramCodePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarRotateDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarRotateEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarRotatePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarSaveCodeDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarSaveCodeEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarSaveCodePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarShareBG_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarShareDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarShareEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarSharePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarVerifyCodeDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarVerifyCodeEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarVerifyCodePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarViewFromBDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarViewFromBEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarViewFromBPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarViewFromTDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarViewFromTEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarViewFromTPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbar_separator.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/zoomSlider.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/zoomSliderHover.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/zoomSliderMinus.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/zoomSliderMinusPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/zoomSliderPlus.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/zoomSliderPlusPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/inViewHelpAutorouteArrow.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/inViewHelpCloseButtonBreadboard.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/inViewHelpCloseButtonPCB.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/inViewHelpCloseButtonSchematic.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/inViewHelpPartsBinArrow.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/inViewHelpSwitchButtonsArrow.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/part_lock.svg
share/fritzing/resources/images/part_sticky.svg
share/fritzing/resources/images/pcb_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/pcbs_2013.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/remove_prop_enter.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/remove_prop_leave.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/schematic_grid_tile.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/schematic_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/april1st.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/fab_logo_bar.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/fab_slice1.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/fab_slice2.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/fab_slice3.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/fab_slice4.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/fab_slice5.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/fab_slice6.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/fhp_logo_small.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/splash.xml
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/splash_progressbar.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/splash_screen_start-alpha.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash/splash_screen_start.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splitterHandle.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/waiting_circle_small.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/warning_mark_mini.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/warning_mark_small.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/watermark_fritzing_outline.svg
share/fritzing/resources/images/welcome_kit.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/error_count_small.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/error_x_mini.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/error_x_mini.svg
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/error_x_small.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/itemselection/
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/itemselection/cornerHandlerActiveBottomLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/itemselection/cornerHandlerActiveBottomRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/itemselection/cornerHandlerActiveTopLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/itemselection/cornerHandlerActiveTopRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/itemselection/cornerHandlerDarkBottomLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/itemselection/cornerHandlerDarkBottomRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/itemselection/cornerHandlerDarkTopLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/itemselection/cornerHandlerDarkTopRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/itemselection/crosshairHandlerActive.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/itemselection/crosshairHandlerHover.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/itemselection/crosshairHandlerNormal.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinAddPartPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinAddPart_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinBinoptionsPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinBinoptions_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinCoreEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinCorePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinDeleteDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinDeleteEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinDeletePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinExportPartDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinExportPartEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinExportPartPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinIconViewActivePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinIconViewActive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinIconViewDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinIconViewEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinIconViewInactivePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinIconViewInactive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinIconViewPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinListViewActivePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinListViewActive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinListViewDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinListViewEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinListViewInactivePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinListViewInactive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinListViewPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinMenuPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinMenu_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinOpenEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinOpenPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinPartoptionsPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinPartoptions_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinSaveDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinSaveEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinSavePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsBinToolButtonArrow.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsEditorConnectorAddDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsEditorConnectorAddEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsEditorConnectorAddPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsEditorConnectorRemoveDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsEditorConnectorRemoveEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/obsolete/partsEditorConnectorRemovePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/parts/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/30.20PerfboardModuleID.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/30.20Stripboard2ModuleID.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/30.20StripboardModuleID.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/blocker.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/blocker0.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/boardlogoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/boardlogoimage_one_layer.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/breadboardlogoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/breadboardlogotext.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/cmRuler.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/copper0logoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/copper0logotext.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/copper1logoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/copper1logotext.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/dcpower.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/ellipse_pcb.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/ellipse_pcb_two_layers.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/ground.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/groundplane.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/hole.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/jumper.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/logoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/logotext.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/netlabel.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/netlabel_left.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/newbreadboardlogoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/newcopper0logoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/newcopper1logoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/newlogoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/newschematiclogoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/newsilkscreen0logoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/note.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/pad.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/pad0.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/power.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/power_label.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/rectangle_pcb.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/rectangle_pcb_two_layers.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/roundrect_pcb.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/roundrect_pcb_two_layers.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/schematic_frame.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/schematiclogoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/schematiclogotext.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/silkscreen0logoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/silkscreen0logotext.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/via.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/wire.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/breadboard/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/breadboard/30.20perfboard.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/breadboard/breadboardlogo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ruler.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/breadboard/wire.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/blocker.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/breadboard_logo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/breadboard_text.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/copper0_logo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/copper0_text.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/copper1_logo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/copper1_text.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/groundplane.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/hole.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/iconPerfboard.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/iconStripboard.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/jumpericon.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/note.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/pad.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/rectangle_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/rulericon.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/schematic_frame_icon.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/schematic_logo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/schematic_text.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/silkscreen_logo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/silkscreen_text.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/via.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/wireicon.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/copper1logo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/ellipse_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/groundplane.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/hole.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/jumper.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/logo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/pad.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/pad0.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/rectangle_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/roundrect_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/via.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/schematic/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/schematic/frame.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/schematic/netlabel.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/schematic/schematiclogo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/do not change these svg files with anything but a text editor.txt
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/obsolete/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.frame.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/0.3.schem.netlabel.svg
share/fritzing/resources/properties.xml
share/fritzing/resources/ratsnestcolors.xml
share/fritzing/resources/styles/
share/fritzing/resources/styles/fritzing.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/linux-fritzing.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/linux-gnome-fritzing.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/linux-kde-oxygen-fritzing.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/mac-fritzing.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/newpartseditor.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/partseditor.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/programwindow.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/updatedialog.css
share/fritzing/resources/styles/win-fritzing.qss
share/fritzing/resources/templates/
share/fritzing/resources/templates/0.3.schem.schematic_frame_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/bom.html
share/fritzing/resources/templates/bom_row.html
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_dip_fzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_female_10thin_double_pin_header_schem_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_female_10thin_pin_header_schem_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_female_pin_header_bread_2nd_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_female_pin_header_bread_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_female_pin_header_fzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_female_pin_header_schem_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_male_10thin_double_pin_header_schem_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_male_10thin_pin_header_schem_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_male_pin_header_bread_2nd_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_male_pin_header_bread_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_male_pin_header_schem_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_rounded_female_pin_header_bread_2nd_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_rounded_female_pin_header_bread_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_sip_bread_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_sip_connectorFzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_sip_fzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/jumper_copper0LayerTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/jumper_jumperwiresLayerTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/jumper_pcb_svg_2nd_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/jumper_pcb_svg_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/mystery_part_dipFzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/mystery_part_sipFzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/perfboard_boardLayerTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/perfboard_connectorFzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/perfboard_connectorTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/perfboard_fzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/schematic_frame_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/screw_terminal_bread_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/screw_terminal_fzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/stripboards.xml
share/fritzing/resources/vias.xml
share/fritzing/resources/zoomfactors.txt
share/fritzing/sketches/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/555TouchSwitch.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/7Segment_direct.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Amplification.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/AnalogInputFSR.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/AnalogInputOutput.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/AnalogInputPot.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/AnalogInputThermistor.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/AnalogInputToServo.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Arduino-no-FTDI.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/ArduinoISP.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Barebones Arduino (stripboard).fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Button.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/CosmicRayGun.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Countdown.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/DC_motor_control.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Blink/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Blink/Blink.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Fading/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Fading/Fading.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/FlipFlop/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/FlipFlop/FlipFlop.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Lauflicht/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Lauflicht/Lauflicht.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Lichtautomatik/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Lichtautomatik/Lichtautomatik.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Matrix/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Matrix/Matrix.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Motor/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Motor/Motor.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Nachtlicht/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Nachtlicht/Nachtlicht.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/PingPong/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/PingPong/PingPong.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Potentiometer/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Potentiometer/Potentiometer.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Servo/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Servo/Servo.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Synthesizer/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Synthesizer/Synthesizer.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung1_1/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung1_1/Uebung1_1.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung1_2a/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung1_2a/Uebung1_2a.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung1_2b/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung1_2b/Uebung1_2b.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung2_1/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung2_1/Uebung2_1.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung3_1/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung3_1/Uebung3_1.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung3_2/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung3_2/Uebung3_2.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung4_1/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung4_1/Uebung4_1.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung6_1/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Uebung6_1/Uebung6_1.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Wahrsager/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing Creator Kit/Wahrsager/Wahrsager.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/Blink.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/Fading.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/FlipFlop.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/H-Bridge.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/Lauflicht.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/Lichtautomatik.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/Matrix.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/Nachtlicht.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/PingPong.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/Potentiometer.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/ProcessingRGB.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/Servo.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/Synthesizer.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/TwitterSaurus.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/Verstaerkung.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/Wahrsager.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Fritzing/Zaubertafel.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/RGB/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/RGB/RGB.pde
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/TwitterSaurus/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/TwitterSaurus/TwitterSaurus.pde
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/TwitterSaurus/code/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/TwitterSaurus/code/twitter4j-core-3.0.3.jar
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/TwitterSaurus/data/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/TwitterSaurus/data/OCRAStd-14.vlw
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/TwitterSaurus/data/sound1.wav
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/TwitterSaurus2/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/TwitterSaurus2/TwitterSaurus2.pde
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/TwitterSaurus2/code/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/TwitterSaurus2/code/twitter4j-core-3.0.3.jar
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/Zaubertafel/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/Zaubertafel/Zaubertafel.pde
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-de/Processing/twitter4j-core-2.2.5.jar
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/AutomaticLightingSystem/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/AutomaticLightingSystem/AutomaticLightingSystem.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Blink/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Blink/Blink.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Chaserlights/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Chaserlights/Chaserlights.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise1_1/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise1_1/Exercise1_1.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise1_2a/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise1_2a/Exercise1_2a.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise1_2b/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise1_2b/Exercise1_2b.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise2_1/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise2_1/Exercise2_1.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise3_1/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise3_1/Exercise3_1.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise3_2/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise3_2/Exercise3_2.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise4_1/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise4_1/Exercise4_1.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise6_1/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Exercise6_1/Exercise6_1.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Fading/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Fading/Fading.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/FlipFlop/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/FlipFlop/FlipFlop.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Fortuneteller/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Fortuneteller/Fortuneteller.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Matrix/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Matrix/Matrix.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Motor/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Motor/Motor.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Nightlight/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Nightlight/Nightlight.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/PingPong/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/PingPong/PingPong.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Potentiometer/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Potentiometer/Potentiometer.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Servo/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Servo/Servo.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Synthesizer/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing Creator Kit/Synthesizer/Synthesizer.ino
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/Amplification.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/AutomaticLightingSystem.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/Blink.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/ChaserLights.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/Fading.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/FlipFlop.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/Fortuneteller.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/H-Bridge.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/MagicBoard.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/Matrix.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/NightLight.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/PingPong.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/Potentiometer.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/ProcessingRGB.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/Servo.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/Synthesizer.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Fritzing/TwitterSaurus.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/RGB/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/RGB/RGB.pde
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/TwitterSaurus/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/TwitterSaurus/TwitterSaurus.pde
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/TwitterSaurus/code/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/TwitterSaurus/code/twitter4j-core-3.0.3.jar
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/TwitterSaurus/data/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/TwitterSaurus/data/OCRAStd-14.vlw
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/TwitterSaurus/data/sound1.wav
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/TwitterSaurus2/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/TwitterSaurus2/TwitterSaurus2.pde
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/TwitterSaurus2/code/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/TwitterSaurus2/code/twitter4j-core-3.0.3.jar
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/Zaubertafel/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/Zaubertafel/Zaubertafel.pde
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Creator Kit DE+EN/creator-kit-en/Processing/twitter4j-core-2.2.5.jar
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Workshop/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Workshop/Workshop_01_Blink.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Workshop/Workshop_02_FlipFlop.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Workshop/Workshop_03_FlipFlop-w-Button.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Workshop/Workshop_04_Fade-LED.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Workshop/Workshop_05_Potentiometer.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Workshop/Workshop_06_Automatic-Lightning.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Fritzing Workshop/Workshop_07_Servo.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Knock.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/LCD.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/LED-Matrix.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/LED-Matrix_simple.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Loop.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Melody.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/MidiDrumKit.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Mood-Light.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Op-amp.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Optocoupler.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Parking-Assistant.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Photocell.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/RGB-LED.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Relay.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Sabotage-Detection.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Shift_Register.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Shift_Register_2x.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Stepper_Motor.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/TemperaturSensorLM35.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/TiltSwitch.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Timer.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/TouchSwitch.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/TrafficLight.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/VirtualColorMixer.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/VoltageRegulator_7800series.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/VoltageRegulator_with_switch.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Window_Alarm.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/color-fader.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/npnPowerTransistor.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/AutomaticLightingSystem.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Blink-SMD.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Blink.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Button-SMD.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Chaserlights.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Curvy-Parking-Assistant.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/EDGY-motor-control-stepper.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/EDGY-motor-control-two-motors.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/EDGY-motor-control.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Fading.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/FlipFlop.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Fortuneteller.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/H-Bridge.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/LiquidCrystalDisplay.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Loop-SMD.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/MagicBoard.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Matrix.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Nightlight.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Ping-Pong.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Pingpong.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Potentiometer.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Processing_RGB.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Servo.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/Synthesizer.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/TwitterSaurus.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/earthquakeDetection.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/obsolete/treeduino.fzz
share/fritzing/sketches/index.xml
share/fritzing/tools/
share/fritzing/tools/Fritzing.dmgCanvas/
share/fritzing/tools/Fritzing.dmgCanvas/Disk Image
share/fritzing/tools/Fritzing.dmgCanvas/QuickLook/
share/fritzing/tools/Fritzing.dmgCanvas/QuickLook/Preview.jpg
share/fritzing/tools/deploy_fritzing_mac.sh
share/fritzing/tools/fixfz/
share/fritzing/tools/fixfz/fixfz.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/fixfz/fixfz.h
share/fritzing/tools/fixfz/fixfz.pro
share/fritzing/tools/linguist_release.bat
share/fritzing/tools/linguist_translate.bat
share/fritzing/tools/linux_release_script/
share/fritzing/tools/linux_release_script/obsolete/
share/fritzing/tools/linux_release_script/obsolete/release.all.sh
share/fritzing/tools/linux_release_script/release.sh
share/fritzing/tools/make.bat
share/fritzing/tools/release_fritzing.bat
share/fritzing/tools/schem2schem/
share/fritzing/tools/schem2schem/.gitignore
share/fritzing/tools/schem2schem/main.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/schem2schem/make.bat
share/fritzing/tools/schem2schem/readme.md
share/fritzing/tools/schem2schem/s2s.pro
share/fritzing/tools/schem2schem/s2sapplication.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/schem2schem/s2sapplication.h
share/fritzing/tools/zip.vbs
share/fritzing/translations/
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ar.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ar.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_bg.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_bg.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_bn.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_bn.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_cs.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_cs.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_da.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_da.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_de.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_de.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_el.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_el.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_en.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_en.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_es.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_es.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_et.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_et.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_fa.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_fa.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_fr.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_fr.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_gl.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_gl.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_hi.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_hi.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_hu.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_hu.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_id.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_id.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_it.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_it.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ja.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ja.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ko.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ko.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_mk.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_mk.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_mr.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_mr.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_nl.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_nl.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_pl.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_pl.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_pt_br.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_pt_br.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_pt_pt.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_pt_pt.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ro.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ro.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ru.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ru.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_sk.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_sk.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_sl.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_sl.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_sr.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_sr.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_sv.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_sv.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_th.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_th.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_tr.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_tr.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_uk.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_uk.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ur.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ur.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_zh_cn.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_zh_cn.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_zh_tw.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_zh_tw.ts
share/fritzing/translations/syntax/
share/fritzing/translations/syntax/arduino.xml
share/fritzing/translations/syntax/picaxe.xml
share/fritzing/translations/syntax/styles.xml
@tag update-desktop-database
