+-----------------------------------------------------------------------
| Running ${PKGSTEM} on OpenBSD
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Keybase and KBFS
================

The keybase package includes two daemons which you need to run as regular user
to access to the most of the Keybase features. "keybase" is the main daemon and
you can control it with "keybase ctl".

KBFS is a distributed and encrypted filesystem. Also, it's used as a remote for
the encrypted git repos. You need to run "kbfsfuse" to be able to use the
"keybase fs" commands to access the files on KBFS. The git remote helper can
work directly with the keybase daemon and it doesn't need the kbfsfuse daemon
running. Despite the name the daemon will not use FUSE, so you can run it
without root access.

The "kbfsfuse" daemon will wait until the keybase daemon is ready. You can
start both in parallel without worrying about the order. Upstream uses these
commands to autostart the daemons (the logs are saved in ~/.cache/keybase):

- keybase --debug --use-default-log-file service --auto-forked
- kbfsfuse -debug -log-to-file -mode default

The default mode of KBFS uses part of the memory to speed up the access to the
most used files on KBFS. Upstream provides the mode "constrained" for systems
with limited resources which they use for phones but can work also on
computers. If KBFS is still consuming too much resources, try "memoryLimited".
It will use the minimal memory required to work but the access to files will be
slow.

Using the Keybase services requires an account on keybase.io. If you don't have
an account, use "keybase signup" to register a new account and "keybase login"
to provision every new computer.

If you have a weak connection to the internet, you can speed up the access to
the KBFS files with an encrypted local cache: "keybase fs sync enable
/keybase/private/youruser".
